---
id: 685c1cc4859ee60c606005f2
title: Vežba 49
challengeType: 22
dashedName: task-49
lang: en-US
---
<!-- REVIEW -->

# --description--

Ovo je pregled svih razgovora koje ste nedavno pročitali.

# --instructions--

Napišite sledeće reči ili rečenice na pravo mesto:

`on board`, `valuable resource`, `all set`, `hesitate`, `installation guide`, `get started`, `collaborative`, na `contributing`.

# --fillInTheBlank--

## --sentence--

`Maria: Welcome to the team. We're thrilled to have you BLANK. If you have any questions during your onboarding, don't BLANK to ask.`

`Tom: Thanks, Maria. I appreciate that. I'm eager to BLANK.`

`Maria: Great to hear that. Now, first things first. Install the development environment correctly, and you'll be BLANK to start coding.`

`Tom: How can I do this? If I follow the BLANK step by step, everything should work smoothly, right?`

`Maria: Exactly. It's crucial for a seamless setup. In case you see any unfamiliar terms or concepts, always check the documentation. The documentation is a BLANK.`

`Tom: Thanks, Maria. I'll keep that in mind.`

`Maria: One last thing. We're a BLANK team, and supporting each other is key to our success. So don't hesitate to ask for help from the team if you need it. Welcome again.`

`Tom: Thank you. I'm looking forward to BLANK to the team.`

## --blanks--

`on board`

### --feedback--

Budi deo tima ili projekta.

---

`hesitate`

### --feedback--

Zaustaviti se ili malo pauzirati pre nego što nešto učiniš, često zato što ne znaš da li je to ispravno.

---

`get started`

### --feedback--

Početi nešto.

---

`all set`

### --feedback--

Budi potpuno spreman/spremna za početak.

---

`installation guide`

### --feedback--

Upute koji pokazuju kako da se konfiguriše program ili alat.

---

`valuable resource`

### --feedback--

Nešto što mnogo pomaže u učenju ili rešavanju problema.

---

`collaborative`

### --feedback--

Raditi zajedno sa drugima kao tim.

---

`contributing`

### --feedback--

Pružiti pomoć ili dodati nešto važno grupi ili projektu.