---
id: 678ccd19541fa0429bb98168
title: Vežba 37
challengeType: 19
dashedName: task-37
lang: en-US
---
<!-- READING -->

# --instructions--

Pročitajte tekst i odgovorite na pitanje koje se nalazi ispod.

# --questions--

## --text--

U svom članku, "Koji programski jezik bih trebao da naučim prvi?", Quincy Larson, osnivač i tutor freeCodeCamp-a, objašnjava zašto JavaScript je najbolji jezik za učenje na početku.

`I think JavaScript is the best language to start with. It's flexible and can be used for both front-end and back-end development. With libraries and tools like Node.js, you can build many things, from simple prototypes to big apps. Plus, there is a lot of demand for JavaScript developers, so it's a good choice for beginners.`

`In my case, Python is also a good language, but I believe JavaScript is more useful in the long run. It has a large community and many resources to help you learn. I feel it's easier to find support when you start learning it.`

`I'd rather see beginners focus on JavaScript first. Once you know it, learning other languages like Python becomes easier. It's a great way to begin your journey in programming and open up more career opportunities.`

Quincy Larson, koji jezik misliš da je najbolji za početak?

## --answers--

JavaScript

---

Python

### --feedback--

Iako se Python pominje, Quincy ne smatra da je bolji za početnike.

---

Java

### --feedback--

Quincy nije spomenuo Java u tekstovima.

---

Ruby

### --feedback--

Ruby nije pomenut kao opcija.

## --video-solution--

1

# --explanation--

Da biste dobili tačan odgovor, obratite pažnju na dokaze koje Quincy navodi u tekstu.

Kaže, `I think JavaScript is the best language to start with`, što je glavni razlog zašto JavaScript je pravi izbor.