---
id: 678e6349dfa64cd74f90c49e
title: Vežba 71
challengeType: 19
dashedName: task-71
lang: en-US
---
<!-- READING -->

# --instructions--

Pročitajte tekst i odgovorite na pitanje koje se nalazi ispod.

# --questions--

## --text--

Jake veoma želi da tim koristi Visual Studio Code, pa je pokušao da im objasni putem ovog mejla:

`Visual Studio Code is a popular choice for development because it is lightweight and customizable. It offers many extensions to meet the needs of different teams and comes with built-in security features to protect the codebase. Since it's flexible, it works well for various types of projects.`

`The tool makes teamwork easier by supporting version control, so developers can track changes to the code. It also helps with code refactoring, improving the structure of the code when needed. It's useful for large teams working on complex projects.`

`Besides, Visual Studio Code helps detect vulnerabilities with security plugins and offers strong debugging tools. These features make it easier to maintain high-quality, secure software.`

Koja je jedna stvar koja čini da su ljudi zaljubljeni u Visual Studio Code?

## --answers--

Uređaj koji sadrži alat za ispravljanje grešaka.

### --feedback--

Iako Visual Studio Code ima funkcije za otklanjanje grešaka, tekst spominje njegovu popularnost zbog drugih stvari.

---

Lagano je i može se prilagoditi potrebama.

---

To je besplatan alat.

### --feedback--

Tekstovi ne zahtevaju da je Visual Studio Code besplatan razlog njegove popularnosti.

---

Nudi skladištenje u oblaku.

### --feedback--

Cloud skladištenje nije pomenuto u tekstu kao razlog za popularnost Visual Studio Code-a.

## --video-solution--

2

# --explanation--

Da biste dobili tačan odgovor, obratite pažnju na dokaze navedene u tekstu.

Tekst navodi da `Visual Studio Code is a popular choice for development because it is lightweight and customizable`, što objašnjava zašto je popularno za različite tipove projekata.