---
id: 6852c4821e0f5950a24a09e1
title: Vežba 59
challengeType: 19
dashedName: task-59
lang: en-US
---
<!-- READING -->

# --instructions--

Pročitajte tekst i odgovorite na pitanje koje se nalazi ispod.

# --questions--

## --text--

Bob poslao je Anji ovaj e-mail nakon njihovog razgovora:

`Hi Anna,`

`Thanks again for your input earlier. I've updated the layout draft based on our discussion. Below is a summary of the current plan, along with a couple of suggestions for next steps.`

`- IT department: located next to the server room in the back, behind the emergency exit. This ensures quick access for technical needs.`

`- HR department: assigned the space across from the reception area, near the entrance. This spot should make it easier for visitors and new employees to find HR quickly.`

`- Marketing team: positioned on the left side of the building, next to the sales office. It's a bit isolated from the main walkways, which should help keep their area quiet.`

`- Customer Support: placed behind the conference rooms, in a central area in the middle of the floor. This keeps them easily reachable by all teams.`

`- Break room: arranged between IT and HR. It's a convenient spot that provides a short walk for most teams and keeps the space equally accessible.`

`We may want to confirm these placements with each team lead to make sure they're comfortable with the setup.`

`Once confirmed, we can send out the final layout and timeline to all staff.`

`We could also consider adding signs at key points like the entrance, hallway, and lobby to help people find their departments during the first week.`

`Let me know if you'd like to discuss any tweaks. Otherwise, I'll move forward with sharing the final plan with everyone tomorrow.`

`Best,`

`Bob`

Koja je glavni razlog zašto je marketinški tim smešten na levoj strani zgrade?

## --answers--

Zato što je blizu glavnih vrata.

### --feedback--

Taj razlog je dat HR-u, a ne marketinškom timu.

---

Zato što je to jedina oblast/mesto koja ima prozore.

### --feedback--

E-mail poruka uopšte ne govori o prozorima.

---

Zato što je smešten daleko od pešačkih staza, čime postaje mirnije područje.

---

Zato što je bliže serveroj sobi.

### --feedback--

Ovo se odnosi na IT odeljenje, a ne na marketinški tim.

## --video-solution--

3

# --explanation--

Bob piše da je marketinški tim smešten `on the left side of the building` i da je to područje `a bit isolated from the main walkways`. Objašnjava da to pomaže da taj prostor bude mirniji.

Obratite pažnju na sekciju `Marketing team` u pregledu podešavanja.