---
id: 6856c0b99fa9a88f76d83d86
title: Vežba 119
challengeType: 19
dashedName: task-119
lang: en-US
---
<!--READING-->

# --instructions--

Pročitajte tekst i odgovorite na pitanje koje je navedeno/nalazi se ispod.

# --questions--

## --text--

Maria nastavlja komunikaciju sa Davidom slanjem svog prvog nedeljnog izveštaja:

`Hi David,`

`As promised, here's a quick update on our progress this week.`

`We've started to allocate additional resources in preparation for the next milestone. So far, we've confirmed five more developers and are in the process of onboarding two new designers to support the upcoming user interface work.`

`For testing, we've outlined a plan to double the size of our testing team around mid-quarter. This should help us meet our goals without risking delays, especially after the unexpected challenges we faced last time.`

`On the project management side, Sarah has stepped in as the leader. She's getting up to speed quickly and has already started organizing the schedule and daily tasks.`

`I'll also prepare a more detailed budget review early next week. It will reflect the current timeline, staff increase, and tool requirements. Everything is still on track to meet the end-of-quarter deadline.`

`Let me know if you'd like to adjust anything.`

`Best,`

`Maria`

Koji je glavni cilj za povećanje programera i dizajnera?

## --answers--

Da se promeni trenutni tim sa novim članovima.

### --feedback--

Marija kaže da dodaju članove timu, a ne da ga menjaju.

---

Pomoći u uspešnom dovršavanju sledeće faze projekta.

---

Popunjavanje pozicija za zaposlene koji napuštaju kompaniju.

### --feedback--

Niko nikome nije dozvoljeno da napusti tim.

---

Smanite broj sati koje trenutni tim radi.

### --feedback--

E-mail govori o povećanju podrške, a ne o smanjenju radnog vremena.

## --video-solution--

2

# --explanation--

Maria kaže da su novi resursi namenjeni za `the next milestone` i za `support the upcoming user interface work`. Ovo pokazuje da je cilj jačanje tima kako bi se završio sledeći korak.