---
id: 6856c293286d899abda1ab5e
title: Vežba za 123
challengeType: 19
dashedName: task-123
lang: en-US
---
<!--READING-->

# --instructions--

Pročitajte tekst i odgovorite na pitanje koje je navedeno/nalazi se ispod.

# --questions--

## --text--

Maria nastavlja komunikaciju sa Davidom slanjem svog prvog nedeljnog izveštaja:

`Hi David,`

`As promised, here's a quick update on our progress this week.`

`We've started to allocate additional resources in preparation for the next milestone. So far, we've confirmed five more developers and are in the process of onboarding two new designers to support the upcoming user interface work.`

`For testing, we've outlined a plan to double the size of our testing team around mid-quarter. This should help us meet our goals without risking delays, especially after the unexpected challenges we faced last time.`

`On the project management side, Sarah has stepped in as the leader. She's getting up to speed quickly and has already started organizing the schedule and daily tasks.`

`I'll also prepare a more detailed budget review early next week. It will reflect the current timeline, staff increase, and tool requirements. Everything is still on track to meet the end-of-quarter deadline.`

`Let me know if you'd like to adjust anything.`

`Best,`

`Maria`

Šta pismo kaže o statusu projekta?

## --answers--

Projekat je već završen prije predviđenog roka/vremena.

### --feedback--

On kaže da ste na rasporedu, a ne da ste završeni.

---

Projekat je iza rasporeda i potreban mu je dodatni angažman/više pomoći.

### --feedback--

Kaže da ste na rasporedu, što znači da nastavljate kako je planirano.

---

Tim je odlučio da odloži rok do sledećeg kvartala.

### --feedback--

Nema opcije za menjanje zadnjeg roka.

---

Projekat napreduje dobro i prati očekivani raspored.

## --video-solution--

4

# --explanation--

Kada Marija kaže `on track to meet the deadline`, misli da sve teče prema planiranom rasporedu, i očekuju da će završiti na vreme.