---
id: 6856c1b8452a6b9558c4e435
title: Vežba 121
challengeType: 19
dashedName: task-121
lang: en-US
---
<!--READING-->

# --instructions--

Pročitajte tekst i odgovorite na pitanje koje se nalazi ispod.

# --questions--

## --text--

Maria nastavlja komunikaciju sa Davidom slanjem njegovog prvog nedeljnog izveštaja:

`Hi David,`

`As promised, here's a quick update on our progress this week.`

`We've started to allocate additional resources in preparation for the next milestone. So far, we've confirmed five more developers and are in the process of onboarding two new designers to support the upcoming user interface work.`

`For testing, we've outlined a plan to double the size of our testing team around mid-quarter. This should help us meet our goals without risking delays, especially after the unexpected challenges we faced last time.`

`On the project management side, Sarah has stepped in as the leader. She's getting up to speed quickly and has already started organizing the schedule and daily tasks.`

`I'll also prepare a more detailed budget review early next week. It will reflect the current timeline, staff increase, and tool requirements. Everything is still on track to meet the end-of-quarter deadline.`

`Let me know if you'd like to adjust anything.`

`Best,`

`Maria`

Koja je trenutna uloga Sare?

## --answers--

Dizajner tima za ažuriranja UI-ja.

### --feedback--

Pomaže sa vođstvom i planiranjem, a ne dizajnom/dizajniranjem.

---

Menadžer projekata

---

Stari programer za zadnje povezivanje.

### --feedback--

Ne radi na razvoju, već pomaže u upravljanju projektom.

---

Finansijski asistent za planiranje budžeta.

### --feedback--

E-pošta navodi da planira raspored i svakodnevne zadatke, što je uloga upravljanja projektom.

## --video-solution--

2

# --explanation--

Sara je opisana kao osoba zadužena za upravljanje projektom, koja planira vežbe i raspored.

To odgovara ulozi projektnog menadžmenta, posebno zato što je projektni menadžer trenutno odsutan.
