---
id: 68580be7a21a750f78667031
title: Vežba 153
challengeType: 22
dashedName: task-153
lang: en-US
---
<!-- REVIEW -->

# --description--

Ovo je pregled svih razgovora koje ste upravo pročitali.

# --instructions--

Napišite reči ili fraze na sledećim mestima:

`take a right`, `inside`, `straight`, `out of the way`, `outside of`, na `towards`.

# --fillInTheBlank--

## --sentence--

`Sarah: Good morning, James. I heard you're setting up your new workstation today. Need help finding anything?`

`James: Hi Sarah, yes, that would be great. I'm trying to find an extra monitor. Do you know where they've moved them?`

`Sarah: Sure, they've placed them BLANK the IT room now. If you head BLANK down this corridor and turn left at the break area, you'll see them stored right across from the coffee machine.`

`James: Got it. And what about the new keyboards? I heard we received a shipment last week.`

`Sarah: Yes, they're in a small storage room. Go back BLANK the main entrance, but before you get there, BLANK. It's the second door on your left, opposite the mail room.`

`James: Perfect, thanks! Lastly, I need some Ethernet cables. Any idea where those ended up?`

`Sarah: Actually, yes. They are a bit BLANK — go to the server room, but instead of going BLANK, turn right just before the door. There's a closet there where we're keeping all cables and related accessories.`

`James: That's a bit of a trek! Thanks for helping me, Sarah!`

## --blanks--

`outside of`

### --feedback--

Ovaj izraz od dve reči znači da je nešto samo malo napolju ili nije unutar tog mesta.

---

`straight`

### --feedback--

Ovo znači nastavak prave linije bez skretanja.

---

`towards`

### --feedback--

Ovo znači krećiti ka strani nečega ili nekoga.

---

`take a right`

### --feedback--

Ova fraza od tri reči znači skrenuti udesno.

---

`out of the way`

### --feedback--

Ove četiri reči zajedno znače da to nije mesto koje se može lako dostignuti ili jednostavno postići.

---

`inside`

### --feedback--

Ovo znači unutra ili unutrašnji deo mesta.