---
id: 67af429d29bc315537a8fcf8
title: Vežba 48
challengeType: 19
dashedName: task-48
lang: en-US
---
<!-- READING -->

# --instructions--

Pročitajte tekst i odgovorite na pitanje koje je navedeno/nalazi se ispod.

# --questions--

## --text--

Baada ya mazungumzo na Linda, Bob alituma barua pepe kwa timu.

`Hi team,`

`I hope you're all doing well. Our first weekly meeting to review the mobile app project progress is scheduled for Friday morning at 9:00 AM. We'll go over the timeline, the prototype status, and the next steps for the design sketches and wireframes.`

`As we discussed, Linda will lead the UX design, and I'll be the one to coordinate with the developers. We'll also need to allocate tasks for the next phase, especially around the front-end design.`

`I'm excited to hear everyone's updates, and I'm confident these regular check-ins will help us stay focused and meet our deadlines. Looking forward to seeing you all!`

`Best,`

`Bob`

Koja je glavna e-mail adresa Boba?

## --answers--

Poziv na sastanak za projekat.

---

Promene u projektu u vezi sa novom mobilnom aplikacijom.

### --feedback--

U imejlu nema novosti o projektu, jer on još nije započeo.

---

Ombi la kuongeza wanatimu zaidi.

### --feedback--

Email nije spomenuo zapošljavanje više članova tima.

---

Ufuatiliaji wa michoro ya muundo.

### --feedback--

U imejlu se ukratko pominju skice dizajna, ali glavna tema su sastanak i pregled napretka.

## --video-solution--

1

# --explanation--  

Pronađi ključne reči koje ukazuju na svrhu e-pošte Boba.

`Our first weekly meeting... is scheduled for Friday morning at 9:00 AM` – Ovo potvrđuje da je e-mail o zakazivanju sastanka.

`We'll go over the timeline, the prototype status, and the next steps` – Ovo objašnjava šta će biti diskutovano na sastanku.

`Looking forward to seeing you all!` – Ovo naglašava da je glavni fokus okupljanje tima za zakazane diskusije.