---
id: 67af38efdf48173d0c0636b3
title: Vežba 47
challengeType: 22
dashedName: task-47
lang: en-US
---
<!-- REVIEW -->

# --description--

Ovo je sažetak svih razgovora koje ste upravo pročitali.

# --instructions--

Napišite sledeće reči ili rečenice na pravo mesto:

`can also`, `Does that work`, `was thinking`, `good plan`, `No problem`, na `are great`.

# --fillInTheBlank--

## --sentence--

`Bob: We need to start planning our new mobile app project. Let's discuss the timeline. I BLANK we should aim to have the initial prototype ready in four weeks. Does that sound reasonable?`

`Linda: I think that's doable. We can work on the design sketches this week and then move on to wireframes.`

`Bob: Exactly. Once we have the wireframes, we can start collaborating with the developers to implement the front-end design.`

`Linda: Absolutely. And I BLANK prepare some user scenarios for testing, so we can ensure a smooth user experience.`

`Bob: Good idea. By the way, we need to allocate tasks among the team. I was thinking that you could lead the UX design, and I'll coordinate with the developers. BLANK for you?`

`Linda: That's a BLANK. I'll also keep you updated on the design process, and we can schedule regular meetings to stay on track.`

`Bob: Perfect. Let's set a weekly meeting to review our progress. Would Friday morning work for you?`

`Linda: Sure, Friday mornings BLANK. It gives me a chance to review the week's work and plan for the next week.`

`Bob: Great! I'll send out a meeting invite and share the project timeline with everyone. Thanks for your input, Linda.`

`Linda: BLANK, Bob. I'm looking forward to working on this project.`

## --blanks--

`was thinking`

### --feedback--

Ovaj dvosložni izraz je vrsta `Past Continuous` glagola, često se koristi za uvođenje ideje ili predloga. Prva reč pokazuje staru akciju, a druga pokazuje da je ideja trajala u određenom trenutku.

---

`can also`

### --feedback--  

Ovaj dvoredni izraz koristi se za dodavanje druge radnje ili druge mogućnosti. Prva reč je glagol koji pokazuje sposobnost, a druga pokazuje dodatni izbor.

---

`Does that work`

### --feedback--

Ova fraza od tri reči se koristi za pitanje da li je predlog ili predlozi prihvatljivi. Prvo slovo prve reči je napisano velikim slovom.

---

`good plan`

### --feedback--

Ovaj termin se odnosi na strategiju ili dobro planiranu metodu za postizanje cilja.

---

`are great`

### --feedback--

Ovaj izraz se koristi za opisivanje nečega kao veoma dobro ili veoma lepo. Prva reč je glagol, a druga je pridev koji ukazuje na visok stepen kvaliteta.

---

`No problem`

### --feedback--

Ovaj dvosložni izraz se koristi za opisivanje da nešto nije teret ili težak. Često se koristi da pokaže da govornik rado pomaže ili brine o nečemu. Prvi slovo prve reči je napisano velikim slovom.