---
id: 67af45555bbf475c945f211f
title: Vežbanje od 50
challengeType: 19
dashedName: task-50
lang: en-US
---
<!-- READING -->

# --instructions--

Pročitajte tekst i odgovorite na pitanje koje se nalazi ispod.

# --questions--

## --text--

Nakon razgovora sa Lindom, Bob je poslao e-mail timu.

`Hi team,`

`I hope you're all doing well. Our first weekly meeting to review the mobile app project progress is scheduled for Friday morning at 9:00 AM. We'll go over the timeline, the prototype status, and the next steps for the design sketches and wireframes.`

`As we discussed, Linda will lead the UX design, and I'll be the one to coordinate with the developers. We'll also need to allocate tasks for the next phase, especially around the front-end design.`

`I'm excited to hear everyone's updates, and I'm confident these regular check-ins will help us stay focused and meet our deadlines. Looking forward to seeing you all!`

`Best,`

`Bob`

Šta planira da diskutuje Bob na sastanku?

## --answers--

Implementaciono vreme, početni primer, dizajnerski crteži i wireframe-ovi.

---

Obaveze i odgovornosti tima.

### --feedback--

Obaveze i odgovornosti su kratko izložene, ali nisu glavni fokus sastanka.

---

Prisustvo tima na sastanku.

### --feedback--

E-mail nije spomenuo prisustvo.

---

Budžet projekta.

### --feedback--

Budžet nije spomenut u e-mailu.

## --video-solution--

1

# --explanation--

Da biste saznali šta Bob planira da diskutuje, pronađite rečenicu koja prethodi `We'll go over`.