---
id: 67b3387d323f1be321f52e7b
title: Vežba 87
challengeType: 19
dashedName: task-87
lang: en-US
---
<!-- READING -->

# --instructions--

Pročitajte tekst i odgovorite na pitanje koje se nalazi ispod.

# --questions--

## --text--

Nakon njihovog razgovora, Mark je poslao Sari dokument kako bi je obavestio o poboljšanjima.

`Overview`

`The goal was to improve the performance of our app by speeding up the database queries. This change will help the app run faster and more efficiently.`

`Actions Taken`

`- Code Optimization: I reviewed the code that handles the database queries and optimized it to reduce delays. This ensures faster data retrieval and overall better performance.`

`- Comments Added: To make the code easier to understand, I added comments explaining the logic behind the changes. It will help the team when reviewing the code and when we need to make changes later on.`

`- Testing: I ran a series of tests to verify that the changes worked as expected. This testing process also helps us catch problems early, ensuring that the app remains stable.`

`Results`

`The improved queries should now make the app run faster. It is a big step toward a more responsive system.`

Kako objašnjava rezultate te promene?

## --answers--

Poboljšane funkcije bi trebalo da povećaju brzinu rada programa.

---

Unapređenja su sada potpuno poboljšana i nemaju grešaka.

### --feedback--

Dokument govori o poboljšanim funkcijama za brže performanse, ali nema garancije da su te funkcije bezgrešne.

---

Opšta performansa programa se ne menjaju.

### --feedback--

Glavni cilj promena je poboljšanje performansi, pa ova opcija ne odgovara rezultatima navedenim u e-mailu.

---

Program sada ima dodatne funkcije za bržu performansu.

### --feedback--

Cilj je poboljšati performanse putem bržih upita baze podataka, a ne dodavanje novih funkcija.

## --video-solution--

1

# --explanation--  

Da biste dobili tačan odgovor, obratite pažnju na rezultate koje Mark daje.

Obrati pažnju `The improved queries should now... ` i pronaći glavne rezultate tih promena.