---
id: 67b32f9ba790e9c984503c55
title: Vežba 83
challengeType: 19
dashedName: task-83
lang: en-US
---
<!-- READING -->

# --instructions--

Pročitajte tekst i odgovorite na pitanje koje se nalazi ispod.

# --questions--

## --text--

Nakon razgovora, Mark je poslao dokument Sari da je obavesti o poboljšanjima.

`Overview`

`The goal was to improve the performance of our app by speeding up the database queries. This change will help the app run faster and more efficiently.`

`Actions Taken`

`- Code Optimization: I reviewed the code that handles the database queries and optimized it to reduce delays. This ensures faster data retrieval and overall better performance.`

`- Comments Added: To make the code easier to understand, I added comments explaining the logic behind the changes. It will help the team when reviewing the code and when we need to make changes later on.`

`- Testing: I ran a series of tests to verify that the changes worked as expected. This testing process also helps us catch problems early, ensuring that the app remains stable.`

`Results`

`The improved queries should now make the app run faster. It is a big step toward a more responsive system.`

Koja je promena koju Mark radi?

## --answers--

Kurekebisha hitilafu katika hifadhidata.

### --feedback--

Nema objašnjenja o popravljanju greške.

---

Ubrzati upite baze podataka i poboljšati performanse programa.

---

Dodavanje više funkcionalnosti u aplikaciju.

### --feedback--

Ove pažljive promene ne uključuju dodavanje novih funkcija.

---

Dodati više komentara u kod.

### --feedback--

Iako se komentari dodaju radi pomoći u razumevanju koda, to nije glavni cilj promene.

## --video-solution--

2

# --explanation--  

Pronađi ključne detalje u tekstu koji opisuje razloge promene Marka.

Obratite pažnju na rečenicu koja prethodi sa `The goal was to improve ...` – Ovo direktno objašnjava razlog ažuriranja.

Pia, obrati pažnju na rečenicu `This change will help...` – Ovo potvrđuje da je fokus na poboljšanju performansi.