---
id: 67b73530d8ede28a9875e6b1
title: Vežba 132
challengeType: 19
dashedName: task-132
lang: en-US
---
<!-- READING -->

# --instructions--

Pročitajte tekst i odgovorite na pitanje koje se nalazi ispod.

# --questions--

## --text--

Nakon razgovora sa Džimom, Marija je poslala e-mail timu:

`Hi team,`

`I wanted to share the recent feedback we received from Jim regarding the latest version of the app. Overall, he's happy with the user-friendly design and the navigation. However, he raised a few points for improvement: the lag when switching sections and the color scheme, which he feels could use a bit more energy. He also suggested that the login process could be improved, especially for returning users.`

`Here's what we'll focus on:`

`Fix the lag issue in the app – we're already working on this in the next update.`

`Adjust the color scheme by adding brighter tones for a feel of more energy – I'll discuss this with the design team.`

`Implement the "Remember Me" feature to speed up the login process, particularly for returning users – this will be prioritized for the next release.`

`Thanks for your hard work, and feel free to reach out if you have any more ideas.`

`Best,`

`Maria`

Šta misliš o navigaciji aplikacije?

## --answers--

Mislio je da si konfuzna/zbunjena.

### --feedback--

Jim nije spomenuo nikakve probleme sa navigacijom.

---

Uživajte u navigaciji.

---

Predložio je da se redizajnuje.

### --feedback--

Jim nije predložio da redizajnira navigaciju, već poboljšati organizaciju boja i probleme kašnjenja.

---

Da bi bilo lakše.

### --feedback--

Jimovi komentari o navigaciji bili su pozitivni, i nije predložio promene kako bi je učinio jednostavnijom.

## --video-solution--

2

# --explanation--  

Da biste dobili tačan odgovor, obratite pažnju na deo gde Marija sumira mišljenje Džima.

`Overall, he's happy with the user-friendly design and the navigation.` – Ovo potvrđuje da Jim nije imao žalbi za navigaciju i da je bio zadovoljan njom.