---
id: 67b7359a9a74c38b2252393b
title: Vežba 133
challengeType: 19
dashedName: task-133
lang: en-US
---
<!-- READING -->

# --instructions--

Pročitajte tekst i odgovorite na pitanje koje je navedeno/nalazi se ispod.

# --questions--

## --text--

Nakon razgovora sa Džimom, Marija je poslala e-mail timu:

`Hi team,`

`I wanted to share the recent feedback we received from Jim regarding the latest version of the app. Overall, he's happy with the user-friendly design and the navigation. However, he raised a few points for improvement: the lag when switching sections and the color scheme, which he feels could use a bit more energy. He also suggested that the login process could be improved, especially for returning users.`

`Here's what we'll focus on:`

`Fix the lag issue in the app – we're already working on this in the next update.`

`Adjust the color scheme by adding brighter tones for a feel of more energy – I'll discuss this with the design team.`

`Implement the "Remember Me" feature to speed up the login process, particularly for returning users – this will be prioritized for the next release.`

`Thanks for your hard work, and feel free to reach out if you have any more ideas.`

`Best,`

`Maria`

Koji od sledećih timova će raditi na/za sledeće izdanje?

## --answers--

Popravljanje problema kašnjenja.

### --feedback--

Tim radi na problemu kašnjenja u nadolazećem ažuriranju.

---

Poboljšati podešavanja programa.

### --feedback--

E-mail ne govori o poboljšanjima podešavanja.

---

Dodavanje elementa `Remember Me`.

---

Dodati novi podešavanje boje bez jarke boje.

### --feedback--

E-mail objašnjava da će šema boja biti prilagođena korišćenjem življih boja.

## --video-solution--

3

# --explanation--

Obratite pažnju na izjavu Marije, `this will be prioritized for the next release`. Implementacija funkcije "Zapamti me" je značajno poboljšanje na koje će tim fokusirati za sledeću verziju.