---
id: 67b73428c0c6e588c4d8689d
title: Vežba 131
challengeType: 19
dashedName: task-131
lang: en-US
---
<!-- READING -->

# --instructions--

Pročitajte tekst i odgovorite na pitanje koje je navedeno/nalazi se ispod.

# --questions--

## --text--

Nakon razgovora sa Džimom, Marija je poslala e-mail timu:

`Hi team,`

`I wanted to share the recent feedback we received from Jim regarding the latest version of the app. Overall, he's happy with the user-friendly design and the navigation. However, he raised a few points for improvement: the lag when switching sections and the color scheme, which he feels could use a bit more energy. He also suggested that the login process could be improved, especially for returning users.`

`Here's what we'll focus on:`

`Fix the lag issue in the app – we're already working on this in the next update.`

`Adjust the color scheme by adding brighter tones for a feel of more energy – I'll discuss this with the design team.`

`Implement the "Remember Me" feature to speed up the login process, particularly for returning users – this will be prioritized for the next release.`

`Thanks for your hard work, and feel free to reach out if you have any more ideas.`

`Best,`

`Maria`

Šta predlaže Jim o rasporedu boja?

## --answers--

Neka bude jače korišćenjem svetlijih boja.

---

Neka bude još mračnije.

### --feedback--

Jim nije preporučio da se podešavanje boje učini tamnijim.

---

Ukloni potpuno.

### --feedback--

E-mail nije spomenuo uklanjanje šeme boja.

---

Ostavite ga kako jeste.

### --feedback--

Jim je predložio da poboljša šemu boja, a ne da ostavi kako jeste.

## --video-solution--

1

# --explanation--

Prema Marii, Jim oseća da je paleta boja `could use a bit more energy`, koja pokazuje njegovo mišljenje, poboljšati dodavanjem jačih i svetlijih boja.