---
id: 67b732be2a720d87e1682e90
title: Vežba 130
challengeType: 19
dashedName: task-130
lang: en-US
---
<!-- READING -->

# --instructions--

Pročitajte tekst i odgovorite na pitanje koje se nalazi ispod.

# --questions--

## --text--

Nakon razgovora sa Džimom, Marija je poslala e-mail timu:

`Hi team,`

`I wanted to share the recent feedback we received from Jim regarding the latest version of the app. Overall, he's happy with the user-friendly design and the navigation. However, he raised a few points for improvement: the lag when switching sections and the color scheme, which he feels could use a bit more energy. He also suggested that the login process could be improved, especially for returning users.`

`Here's what we'll focus on:`

`Fix the lag issue in the app – we're already working on this in the next update.`

`Adjust the color scheme by adding brighter tones for a feel of more energy – I'll discuss this with the design team.`

`Implement the "Remember Me" feature to speed up the login process, particularly for returning users – this will be prioritized for the next release.`

`Thanks for your hard work, and feel free to reach out if you have any more ideas.`

`Best,`

`Maria`

Šta je glavni programski update/ažuriranje?

## --answers--

Popraviti problem sa kašnjenjem u programu.

---

Podesiti raspored boja.

### --feedback--

Podešavanje boja nije glavna stvar u nadolazećoj verziji.

---

Implementirati novi raspored/dizajn.

### --feedback--

E-mail ne govori o novom rasporedu.

---

Pokrenuti proces prijave.

### --feedback--

Iako je važno, pokretanje procesa prijave je deo budućih izdanja, a nije hitno ažuriranje.

## --video-solution--

1

# --explanation--

Nakon problema sa kašnjenjem, Marija objašnjava `we're already working on this in the next update`, što znači da će biti pažljiv prema dolaznom ažuriranju.