---
id: 657a45a85a8f6cfeef7803db
title: Vežba od 100
challengeType: 22
dashedName: task-100
lang: en-US
---
<!-- REVIEW -->

# --description--

Ovo je pregled svih razgovora koje ste upravo pročitali.

# --instructions--

Napišite sledeće reči ili izraze na odgovarajuće mesto:

`stay at`, `work at`, `take a break`, `some`, `out of the`, i `don't mind`.

# --fillInTheBlank--

## --sentence--  

`Sophie: Hey, Brian. TGIF, right? Do you have any plans for the weekend?`

`Brian: Nothing BLANK ordinary, Sophie. On Saturday, I wake up early at 7. I run in the park near my place in the morning. In the afternoon, I visit my parents and I have lunch with them.`

`Sophie: Nice. On Saturday, I usually sleep until 9:30. In the morning, I do BLANK house cleaning. In the afternoon, I watch a movie at home or I go out with friends to do some window shopping at the mall.`

`Brian: And on Sunday?`

`Sophie: On Sunday, I have a lazy morning. I just BLANK home and play some video games on my console. In the evening, I make dinner and go to sleep early because on Monday it's back to work again.`

`Brian: I have a relaxing Sunday, too. In the morning and in the evening, I work on a personal coding project. In the afternoon, I BLANK and go for a quick walk in the park.`

`Sophie: That's a good mix of indoor and outdoor activities. I don't BLANK the computer on weekends like you, though. I save that for the weekdays, I suppose.`

`Brian: I know, right? But it is a personal project and I like it a lot, so I BLANK spending some of my time on it.`

## --blanks--  

`out of the`

### --feedback--  

Ovo ukazuje na nešto neobično. Počinje sa prefiksom, praćen drugim i zatim detaljnom frazom.

---

`some`

### --feedback--  

Ovo je glagol koji se koristi za referisanje na nepoznatu količinu.

---

`stay at`

### --feedback--  

Ovo objašnjava ostajanje na mestu. Sastoji se od glagola praćenog prefiksom.

---

`take a break`

### --feedback--  

Ovo znači "prekid aktivnosti radi odmora". Počinje sa glagolom praćenim infinitivom, a zatim imenicom.

---

`work at`

### --feedback--  

Ovo objašnjava uložiti napor u aktivnosti. Počinje glagolom praćen prefiksom.

---

`don't mind`

### --feedback--  

Ovo pokazuje da nije problem. Počinje pomoćnim glagolom u negaciji, zaštićen glavnim glagolom.