---
id: 67ca0719cf479630dbb12495
title: Vežba 92
challengeType: 22
dashedName: task-92
lang: en-US
---
<!-- REVIEW -->

# --description--

Ovo je pregled svih razgovora koje ste upravo pročitali.

# --instructions--

Napišite sledeće reči ili izraze na odgovarajuće mesto:

`yourself`, `keep up`, `Is it true`, `look for`, `in the evening`, `take`, na `hang out`.

# --fillInTheBlank--

## --sentence--

`Brian: Hey, Maria. BLANK that you're never home in the evenings? How do you do that?`

`Maria: Hi, Brian. Well, yeah! I like doing fun things BLANK, so I go out a lot. On Mondays, I have dance classes from 6 to 7:30. I love dancing.`

`Brian: Oh, great. What about Tuesdays?`

`Maria: On Tuesdays, I learn Japanese. I BLANK online lessons at 7. I think it's the only day I'm home so early. Then, on Wednesdays, I go to a local theater group. Practice goes until 9. We perform small plays. It's really fun.`

`Brian: That's exciting. How about Thursdays?`

`Maria: Thursdays are for watching shows. I BLANK live concerts or theater plays. It's my favorite time to relax.`

`Brian: Wow! Do you rest at home on Fridays at least?`

`Maria: Not at all. I leave the weekends for that. On Fridays, I like to BLANK with friends. We normally meet at a bar, chat, and have something to eat and drink. But I'm not really a night owl, so I like to be back home by 9:30 tops.`

`Brian: So many activities. I don't think I could BLANK that pace. But it's nice to know you enjoy it to the fullest, Maria. I think I'll try to go out more often in the evening as well.`

`Maria: Sure, Brian. Just don't forget to give BLANK time to rest. Find what your interests are and have some fun.`

## --blanks--

`Is it true`

### --feedback--  

Ovo je pitanje za `yes`/`no` koje zahteva potvrdu. Započinje sa glagolom koji ga prate prilog i pridev.

---

`in the evening`

### --feedback--  

Ovo pokazuje vreme dana. Započinje sa prefiksom, zatim frazom članova i onda imenicu.

---

`take`

### --feedback--  

Ovo znači „da se prijavi ili učestvuje na kursu predmeta ili obuke“.

---

`look for`

### --feedback--  

Ovo znači "tražiti ili gledati nešto". Počinje glagolom, a zatim prefiksom.

---

`hang out`

### --feedback--  

Ovo objašnjava kako provoditi vreme uživajući sa prijateljima. Počinje glagolom, a zatim prefiksom.

---

`keep up`

### --feedback--  

Ovo znači "nastavljati sa istom brzinom ili nivoom kao neka druga osoba ili stvar". Počinje glagolom, a zatim prefiksom.

---

`yourself`

### --feedback--  

Ovo je refleksivna zamenica koja se odnosi na samog govornika.