---
id: 67bb17e456a80c1846cccca0
title: Vežba 94
challengeType: 19
dashedName: task-94
lang: en-US
---
<!-- READING -->

# --instructions--

Pročitajte tekst i odgovorite na pitanje koje je navedeno/nalazi se ispod.

# --questions--

## --text--

Nakon razgovora sa Anom, David je odlučio da isproba aktivnosti za izgradnju tima na mreži. Evo njegove imejl poruke timu:

`Subject: Strengthening Our Remote Team with Virtual Activities`

`Hi Team,`

`After thinking about ways to improve our remote work experience, I've decided to introduce virtual team-building activities. Remote work offers great flexibility, allowing us to work in ways that suit our productivity and personal lives. However, it also comes with challenges like communication gaps and a lack of team connection.`

`To help with this, we'll be trying out some virtual activities to strengthen collaboration and maintain team spirit. These activities will give us a chance to connect outside of work tasks and build a stronger sense of teamwork.`

`While remote work can sometimes feel isolating, the right tools and efforts can make a big difference. Let's give this a shot and see how it improves our work experience! More details to come soon.`

`Looking forward to your thoughts!`

`Best,`

`David`

Šta David želi da postigne ovim aktivnostima?

## --answers--

Novi raspored za udaljene/remotne zaposlene

### --feedback--

David hapangi upya ratiba.

---

Mfumo bora wa kufuatilia wafanyakazi

### --feedback--

David nije spomenuo praćenje zaposlenih.

---

Smanjenje radnih sati

### --feedback--

Ove aktivnosti nisu bile namerene da smanje radno vreme.

---

Osećaj jači od saradnje i timskog spajanja

## --video-solution--

4

# --explanation--

David se nada da će ove aktivnosti pomoći članovima tima `connect outside of work tasks and build a stronger sense of teamwork`. Svestan je da rad na daljinu može izazvati osećaj usamljenosti, i ove aktivnosti imaju za cilj doneti promenu.

Obratite pažnju na to kako David opisuje timski odnos kao ključno rešenje za izazove daljnog rada.