---
id: 67c774c74b69734d08b1ecbb
title: Lekcija 76
challengeType: 22
dashedName: task-76
lang: en-US
---
<!-- REVIEW -->

# --description--

Ovo je sažetak svih razgovora koje ste nedavno pročitali.

# --instructions--

Napišite sledeće reči ili rečenice na pravo mesto:

`even in`, `interested in`, `I'd like to`, `even if`, `learn from`, i `any questions`.

# --fillInTheBlank--

## --sentence--

`Bob: Good morning, everyone. I hope you're well. Today, we have a new member joining our team. BLANK introduce you to Lisa. She's our new front-end developer. Let me introduce you all briefly. This is Sarah, the senior developer. You can talk to her any time, BLANK this virtual setting, if you have questions, Lisa.`

`Lisa: Hi, Sarah. Thank you. I'm excited to work with all of you and BLANK your expertise.`

`Bob: This is Tom, our new graphic designer. Is there any specific area of design or development that you're BLANK? He's your go-to guy for that.`

`Lisa: Hi, Tom. I'm interested in UI/UX design and front-end development but I'm open to exploring more.`

`Bob: And I'm Bob, the team's project manager. I'm the person you always need to talk to if you have BLANK about the team's goals and schedule.`

`Lisa: Hi, Bob. It's great to meet you too.`

`Bob: Excellent. Lisa, it's great to have you join our team, BLANK just online. Okay, team. Let's help Lisa with the support she needs to start. Now, here are the topics on today's agenda...`

## --blanks--

`I'd like to`

### --feedback--

Ovo uvodi formalni zahtev ili interesovanje. Počinje sa skraćenicom `I would`, praćeno glagolom, a zatim afiksom.

---

`even in`

### --feedback--

Ovo naglašava da nešto ostaje istinito bez obzira na određene okolnosti. Počinje vremenskim prilogom praćenim afiksima.

---

`learn from`

### --feedback--

Ovo objašnjava 'dobijanje znanja ili veštine od osobe ili stvari'. Počinje glagolom praćenim afiksima.

---

`interested in`

### --feedback--

Ovo pokazuje znatiželju ili interesovanje za određenu temu. Započinje sa pridevom praćenim afiksom.

---

`any questions`

### --feedback--

Radi se o pitanjima koja osoba može imati. Počinje prilog praćen imenom u množini.

---

`even if`

### --feedback--

Ovo započinje stanje koje ostaje istinito bez obzira na okolnosti. Započinje sa vremenskim prilogom, praćen konjunkcijom.