---
id: 67c60cfda746c444008ce7fa
title: Vežbanje od 50
challengeType: 19
dashedName: task-50
lang: en-US
---
<!-- READING -->

# --instructions--

Pročitajte tekst i odgovorite na pitanje koje se nalazi ispod.

# --questions--

## --text--

Nakon razgovora sa Bobom, Maria šalje timu e-mail sa ažuriranjima i traži ih da održe svoj sastanak dva sata ranije sledećeg dana kako bi mogli da diskutuju o zahtevu klijenta.

`Subject: Updated Meeting Time – Project Timeline Discussion`

`Hi everyone,`

`I wanted to update you on crucial points in a discussion I had with Bob about our project timeline. The client has requested if we can finish it one week in advance, and we've been thinking of ways to speed things up while trying to prevent burnout.`

`To ensure we're all aligned, I'd like to adjust our meeting time to tomorrow morning at 8, two hours earlier than our previously scheduled time. We'll discuss the revised schedule I'll come up with today, task prioritization, ways to avoid putting in additional hours, and any support you might need to make things run more smoothly.`

`We understand that rearranging tasks doesn't always solve the problem, and we want to be careful not to overwork the team. I'd love to hear your thoughts on the best way to approach this challenge.`

`Please confirm if the new time works for you. Thanks for your flexibility and commitment.`

`Best,`

`Maria`

Prema naslovu teme, koje su najvažnije informacije koje Maria prenosi timu?

## --answers--

Klijent nije zadovoljan njihovim napredovanjem.

### --feedback--

Barua pepe haikutaja mteja kuwa hajaridhika.  

---

Da će sastanak biti pomeren na raniji termin i da će razgovarati o rasporedu projekta.

---

Da je Bob doneo konačnu odluku o roku.

### --feedback--

Maria ne kaže da je konačna odluka doneta.

---

Da će biti potrebni dodatni sati za projekat.

### --feedback--

Maria zapravo kaže da pokušavaju da to izbegnu.

## --video-solution--

2

# --explanation--

Odgovor na ovo pitanje može se pronaći u liniji `Subject`. Pokazuje dva glavna argumenta iz e-maila Marije. Čitanjem drugih delova e-maila, vidimo da Marija te argumente objašnjava detaljnije, potvrđujući da su ovo glavne teme o kojima govori.