---
id: 67c6176130e73c6a6e230cc8
title: Vežba 55
challengeType: 19
dashedName: task-55
lang: en-US
---
<!-- READING -->

# --instructions--

Pročitajte tekst i odgovorite na pitanje koje je navedeno/nalazi se ispod.

# --questions--

## --text--

Nakon razgovora sa Bobom, Maria šalje timu e-mail sa ažuriranjima i traži ih da održe svoj sastanak dva sata ranije sledećeg dana, kako bi mogli da diskutuju zahtev klijenta.

`Subject: Updated Meeting Time – Project Timeline Discussion`

`Hi everyone,`

`I wanted to update you on crucial points in a discussion I had with Bob about our project timeline. The client has requested if we can finish it one week in advance, and we've been thinking of ways to speed things up while trying to prevent burnout.`

`To ensure we're all aligned, I'd like to adjust our meeting time to tomorrow morning at 8, two hours earlier than our previously scheduled time. We'll discuss the revised schedule I'll come up with today, task prioritization, ways to avoid putting in additional hours, and any support you might need to make things run more smoothly.`

`We understand that rearranging tasks doesn't always solve the problem, and we want to be careful not to overwork the team. I'd love to hear your thoughts on the best way to approach this challenge.`

`Please confirm if the new time works for you. Thanks for your flexibility and commitment.`

`Best,`

`Maria`

Da li Marija želi da odluči sve sama?

## --answers--

Da, već je donela sve odluke.

### --feedback--

Maria raspoređuje raspored, ali je spremna da diskutuje.

---

Da, jer ne želi da pita mišljenje tima.

### --feedback--

Maria jasno kaže da bi volela da uradi nešto drugačije.

---

Ne, već im je dao/dala zadatak svakom članu tima.

### --feedback--

Maria još uvek nije dala nikakve zadatke/posao članovima tima.

---

Ne, želi da čuje ideje tima o najboljem načinu.

## --video-solution--

4

# --explanation--

Da biste dobili odgovor, pogledajte treći paragraf e-pošte, gde Marija kaže šta želi da čuje od tima na sutrašnjem sastanku.