---
id: 67c6146c3f024459b62ff443
title: Vežba 53
challengeType: 19
dashedName: task-53
lang: en-US
---
<!-- READING -->

# --instructions--

Pročitajte tekst i odgovorite na pitanje koje se nalazi ispod.

# --questions--

## --text--

Nakon razgovora sa Bobom, Maria šalje timu e-mail sa ažuriranjima i traži da održe svoj sastanak dva sata ranije sledećeg dana, kako bi mogli da diskutuju zahtev klijenta.

`Subject: Updated Meeting Time – Project Timeline Discussion`

`Hi everyone,`

`I wanted to update you on crucial points in a discussion I had with Bob about our project timeline. The client has requested if we can finish it one week in advance, and we've been thinking of ways to speed things up while trying to prevent burnout.`

`To ensure we're all aligned, I'd like to adjust our meeting time to tomorrow morning at 8, two hours earlier than our previously scheduled time. We'll discuss the revised schedule I'll come up with today, task prioritization, ways to avoid putting in additional hours, and any support you might need to make things run more smoothly.`

`We understand that rearranging tasks doesn't always solve the problem, and we want to be careful not to overwork the team. I'd love to hear your thoughts on the best way to approach this challenge.`

`Please confirm if the new time works for you. Thanks for your flexibility and commitment.`

`Best,`

`Maria`

Da li će sastanak biti ranije ili kasnije od vremena koje je prvobitno zakazano?

## --answers--

Kasnije, jer tim treba više vremena za pripremu.

### --feedback--

Marija odlaže sastanak zbog priprema.

---

Kasnije, jer Bob i Marija nisu dovršili planiranje.

### --feedback--

E-mail ne prikazuje da je konfiguracija nedovršena.

---

U isto vreme kako ste prvobitno planirali.

### --feedback--

Marija otvoreno spominje promene termina sastanka.

---

Ranije, zato što vam je pomereno dva sata unapred.

## --video-solution--

4

# --explanation--

Da biste pronašli odgovor, pogledajte **drugi deo** e-pošte. Marija pokazuje vreme kada je sastanak pomeren.