---
id: 67cb3b59253b868c0eb27fd3
title: Vežba 150
challengeType: 19
dashedName: task-150
lang: en-US
---
<!-- READING -->

# --instructions--

Pročitajte tekst i odgovorite na pitanje koje se nalazi ispod.

# --questions--

## --text--

Nakon razgovora sa Marijom, Bob odlučuje da pošalje e-mail Ani, šefici odeljenja za ljudske resurse, kako bi zakazao sastanak. Ovo je poruka koju je poslao:

`Subject: Urgent: Team Support and Deadline Challenges`

`Hi Anna,`

`I hope you're doing well. I wanted to reach out about some challenges our team is facing with the new deadline.`

`Right now, the team is feeling overwhelmed. They are already working extra hours, and adding more tasks could lead to burnout. One key issue is that we are short on important roles, making it difficult to meet the deadline. More support would help balance the workload and reduce stress.`

`Another concern is communication. The team often hears about changes too late, which causes confusion. We are setting up regular check-ins to improve this, but having enough people in place would make a big difference.`

`To help the team, we may need to adjust the deadline slightly. However, even with more time, we still need additional resources. I'd like to discuss possible solutions with you. Could we set up a meeting to go over this?`

`Let me know when you're available. Looking forward to your thoughts.`

`Best,`

`Bob`

Prema Bobu, koji je jedan od ključnih razloga zašto se tim oseća preopterećen poslom?

## --answers--

Postoje samo malo ljudi koji obavljaju važne dužnosti.

---

Nemaju dovoljno sastanaka.

### --feedback--

Bob zaista predlaže češće sastanke kako bi poboljšao komunikaciju.

---

Poslednji period je vrlo dugačak.

### --feedback--

Posljednji period je zapravo vrlo kratak, nije dug.

---

Trebaju im kvalitetni alati/materijali.

### --feedback--

Bob nije spomenuo opremu kao problem.

## --video-solution--

1

# --explanation--

Bob objašnjava da tim oseća `overwhelmed` zbog `extra hours`, ali pominje i `one key issue`, što znači važan uzrok te situacije. Pronađite ovaj red da biste dobili odgovor na ovo pitanje.