---
id: 67cb403befa104a1b503d5ff
title: Vežba 153
challengeType: 19
dashedName: task-153
lang: en-US
---
<!-- READING -->

# --instructions--

Pročitajte tekst i odgovorite na pitanje koje se nalazi ispod.

# --questions--

## --text--

Nakon razgovora sa Marijom, Bob odlučuje da pošalje Anni, šefici odeljenja za ljudske resurse, e-mail kako bi zakazao sastanak. Ovo je poruka koju je poslao:

`Subject: Urgent: Team Support and Deadline Challenges`

`Hi Anna,`

`I hope you're doing well. I wanted to reach out about some challenges our team is facing with the new deadline.`

`Right now, the team is feeling overwhelmed. They are already working extra hours, and adding more tasks could lead to burnout. One key issue is that we are short on important roles, making it difficult to meet the deadline. More support would help balance the workload and reduce stress.`

`Another concern is communication. The team often hears about changes too late, which causes confusion. We are setting up regular check-ins to improve this, but having enough people in place would make a big difference.`

`To help the team, we may need to adjust the deadline slightly. However, even with more time, we still need additional resources. I'd like to discuss possible solutions with you. Could we set up a meeting to go over this?`

`Let me know when you're available. Looking forward to your thoughts.`

`Best,`

`Bob`

Postoji još neko rešenje koje Bob pominje da pokušaju da implementiraju kako bi pomogli timu. Koje je to?

## --answers--

Dati timu dodatnu obuku.

### --feedback--

Bob neće pružiti obuku kao rešenje.

---

Povećanje broja timskih sastanaka.

### --feedback--

Bob je već predložio redovne sastanke, ali ovo nije dodatno rešenje koje pominje.

---

Smanite broj vežbi.

### --feedback--

Bob nije preporučio uklanjanje vežbi.

---

Prilagoditi krajnji rok malo.

## --video-solution--

4

# --explanation--

Skoro na kraju mejla, Bob predlaže nešto `to help the team`. Proverite ovu liniju i moći ćete da odgovorite na ovo pitanje.