---
id: 67cb36bd46e40a80d21c0f8c
title: Lekcija 149
challengeType: 19
dashedName: task-149
lang: en-US
---
<!-- READING -->

# --instructions--

Pročitajte tekst i odgovorite na pitanje koje se nalazi ispod.

# --questions--

## --text--

Nakon razgovora sa Marijom, Bob odlučuje da pošalje e-mail Anni, šefici HR odeljenja, radi zakazivanja sastanka. Ovo je poruka koju je poslao:

`Subject: Urgent: Team Support and Deadline Challenges`

`Hi Anna,`

`I hope you're doing well. I wanted to reach out about some challenges our team is facing with the new deadline.`

`Right now, the team is feeling overwhelmed. They are already working extra hours, and adding more tasks could lead to burnout. One key issue is that we are short on important roles, making it difficult to meet the deadline. More support would help balance the workload and reduce stress.`

`Another concern is communication. The team often hears about changes too late, which causes confusion. We are setting up regular check-ins to improve this, but having enough people in place would make a big difference.`

`To help the team, we may need to adjust the deadline slightly. However, even with more time, we still need additional resources. I'd like to discuss possible solutions with you. Could we set up a meeting to go over this?`

`Let me know when you're available. Looking forward to your thoughts.`

`Best,`

`Bob`

Prema e-mailu, šta je navelo Boba da kontaktira Anu?

## --answers--

Želio je da zatraži produžetak roka za posao.

### --feedback--

To nije bio glavni razlog zbog kojeg je Bob komunicirao sa Anom.

---

Razvojni tim trenutno doživljava probleme.

---

Maria mu/joj je rekla da dogovori sastanak sa HR-om.

### --feedback--

Maria je predložila ovo, ali je Bob donela odluku/odlučio iz drugog razloga.

---

Trebao mu je dozvola za prekovremeni rad.

### --feedback--

Bob je bio zabrinut, naročito zbog dodatnih radnih sati koje tim već radi.
## --video-solution--

2

# --explanation--

Upravo nakon što je Bob pozdravio Anu, postoji linija gde pronađete matematički izraz `reach out`, što znači komunikaciju sa nekim. Pogledajte ovu liniju da biste dobili odgovor na ovo pitanje.