---
id: 67cb3f054845839c5e2004fb
title: Vežba 152
challengeType: 19
dashedName: task-152
lang: en-US
---
<!-- READING -->

# --instructions--

Pročitajte tekst i odgovorite na pitanje koje je navedeno/nalazi se ispod.

# --questions--

## --text--

Nakon razgovora sa Marijom, Bob odlučuje da pošalje Ani, šefici odeljenja za ljudske resurse, e-mail radi zakazivanja sastanka. Ovo je poruka koju je poslao:

`Subject: Urgent: Team Support and Deadline Challenges`

`Hi Anna,`

`I hope you're doing well. I wanted to reach out about some challenges our team is facing with the new deadline.`

`Right now, the team is feeling overwhelmed. They are already working extra hours, and adding more tasks could lead to burnout. One key issue is that we are short on important roles, making it difficult to meet the deadline. More support would help balance the workload and reduce stress.`

`Another concern is communication. The team often hears about changes too late, which causes confusion. We are setting up regular check-ins to improve this, but having enough people in place would make a big difference.`

`To help the team, we may need to adjust the deadline slightly. However, even with more time, we still need additional resources. I'd like to discuss possible solutions with you. Could we set up a meeting to go over this?`

`Let me know when you're available. Looking forward to your thoughts.`

`Best,`

`Bob`

Bob daje povratne informacije o problemu sa komunikacijom koji imaju. Koji su rešenje već implementirali za to?

## --answers--

Angurirati stručnjaka za komunikacije.

### --feedback--

Bob nije spomenuo angažovanje stručnjaka.

---

Šaljite e-mailove sa novim informacijama svakodnevno.

### --feedback--

Bob šalje e-poruku svakog dana kao rešenje.

---

Planiranje redovnih sastanaka.

---

Koristi novi alat za upravljanje projektima.

### --feedback--

Bob kupuje novi alat.

## --video-solution--

3

# --explanation--

Postoji deo u mejlu gde Bob govori o `communication`, koji pominje probleme sa kojima se suočavaju i rešenja koja su do sada pronašli. Pročitajte ovaj deo kako biste mogli da odgovorite na pitanje.