---
id: 67cb3d037c44bd97252db36a
title: Vežba 151
challengeType: 19
dashedName: task-151
lang: en-US
---
<!-- READING -->

# --instructions--

Pročitajte tekst i odgovorite na pitanje koje se nalazi ispod.

# --questions--

## --text--

Nakon razgovora sa Marijom, Bob odlučuje da pošalje e-mail Anni, šefici HR odeljenja, radi zakazivanja sastanka. Ovo je poruka koju je poslao:

`Subject: Urgent: Team Support and Deadline Challenges`

`Hi Anna,`

`I hope you're doing well. I wanted to reach out about some challenges our team is facing with the new deadline.`

`Right now, the team is feeling overwhelmed. They are already working extra hours, and adding more tasks could lead to burnout. One key issue is that we are short on important roles, making it difficult to meet the deadline. More support would help balance the workload and reduce stress.`

`Another concern is communication. The team often hears about changes too late, which causes confusion. We are setting up regular check-ins to improve this, but having enough people in place would make a big difference.`

`To help the team, we may need to adjust the deadline slightly. However, even with more time, we still need additional resources. I'd like to discuss possible solutions with you. Could we set up a meeting to go over this?`

`Let me know when you're available. Looking forward to your thoughts.`

`Best,`

`Bob`

Kakvu pomoć bi Bob možda mogao tražiti od HR-a?

## --answers--

Omogućiti rad na daljinu.

### --feedback--

U e-mailu Bova nije spomenut rad na daljinu.

---

Daj obuku timu.

### --feedback--

Bob nije spomenuo obuku kao rešenje.

---

Dodeljivanje bonusa za prekovremeni rad.

### --feedback--

Bob je zabrinut zbog umora usled prekovremenog rada, nije zato što želim da tim dobije nagradu samo zato što radi više.

---

Zapositi više ljudi da pomognu sa teretom posla.

## --video-solution--

4

# --explanation--

Bob objašnjava da je tim na `short on important roles`. Imati više ljudi koji rade u timu pomoći će da se rasporedi radno opterećenje i smanji stres. Pošto je e-mail poslat u HR odeljenje, moguće je utvrditi da je glavni zahtev dodatni zaposleni.