---
id: 657e77b682b49f70a3adcc0a
title: Vežba 130
challengeType: 22
dashedName: task-130
lang: en-US
---
<!-- REVIEW -->

# --description--

Ovo je pregled svih razgovora koje ste upravo pročitali.

# --instructions--

Napišite sledeće reči ili rečenice na pravo mesto:

`found`, `as a`, `to do`, `goes`, `head to`, na `Go on`.

# --fillInTheBlank--

## --sentence--

`Brian: Hey, Sarah. How's work as a QA tester? Is it really challenging?`

`Sarah: Sometimes. Let me tell you how my week usually BLANK.`

`Brian: BLANK, please. What's your weekly routine like?`

`Sarah: Well, on weekdays, I usually wake up at around 6 and get ready for work.`

`Brian: That's early. What's your morning routine?`

`Sarah: In the morning, I have breakfast at home and then BLANK the office at 8.`

`Brian: What's the first thing you do when you arrive?`

`Sarah: After I arrive, I check my emails and messages from the team. It helps me plan my day.`

`Brian: Great. What's next?`

`Sarah: After that, during the morning, I start testing the software. I have a different task BLANK each day. For example, on Mondays, I test the login process.`

`Brian: So, you test different parts of the software each day?`

`Sarah: Exactly. At noon, I take a break and have lunch at the café down the street. Then, in the afternoon, I test other features like the payment system.`

`Brian: I see. What else do you do during the week?`

`Sarah: On Wednesdays, we have a team meeting at 3. Next, I write test reports and document any bugs I BLANK during the day.`

`Brian: Sounds like a very productive week.`

`Sarah: Yes, there are a lot of things, but I like collaborating to improve the quality of our software.`

`Brian: Thanks for sharing, Sarah. It's interesting to know what you do.`

`Sarah: You're welcome, Brian. When we have some time, I want to ask you about your week BLANK dev, okay?`

`Brian: Sure thing.`

## --blanks--

`goes`

### --feedback--

Ovo objašnjava kako se nešto odvija tokom vremena.

---

`Go on`

### --feedback--

Ovo se koristi da bi se podstaknuo neko da nastavi sa govorom. Počinje glagolom koji znači „nastavljati“, praćen prefiksom lokacije.

---

`head to`

### --feedback--

Ovo objašnjava kretanje ka nekom mestu. Počinje glagolom koji znači "kretanje u smeru", praćen prefiksom koji ukazuje mesto dolaska.

---

`to do`

### --feedback--

Ovo prikazuje dodeljen zadatak. Započinje sa prefiksom koji označava glagol akcije, praćen glagolom koji znači "zakončati radnju".

---

`found`

### --feedback--

Radi se o otkrivanju ili utvrđivanju nečega.

---

`as a`

### --feedback--

Ovo uvodi ulogu ili funkciju osobe. Počinje prefiksom koji pokazuje usaglašeność ili padež, praćen nepoklanjivim glagolom.