---
id: 67f08553782e8a05bcd28688
title: Vežba 134
challengeType: 19
dashedName: task-134
lang: en-US
---
<!-- READING -->

# --instructions--

Pročitajte tekst i odgovorite na pitanje koje se nalazi ispod.

# --questions--

## --text--

Nakon razgovora sa Sarah, Brian odlučuje da napiše Bobu, iz menadžmenta, kako bi ga obavestio o situaciji.

`Subject: Quick Update – Resources, Integration Issues, and Training`

`Dear Bob,`

`I wanted to share a short update after speaking with Sarah about the ongoing project.`

`The team is making progress, but there are some challenges. Some parts of the project are taking longer than expected. One reason is the new software integration. It is not as smooth as they hoped, but the team is working on it. Sarah will plan a meeting to talk more about the integration problems.`

`She also asked about the extra resources we requested. I know it is still being discussed, but any updates would help the team.`

`Finally, Sarah mentioned the new training sessions. She said the team could use a refresher on the new tools. Are the sessions still planned for next week?`

`Please let me know if I can help with anything else.`

`Best regards,`

`Brian`

Nakon razgovora o problemima sa konekcijom, Brian pominje nešto drugo što ga je Sarah upitala. Šta je to bilo?

## --answers--

Budžetski problem.

### --feedback--

Nema objašnjenja o budžetu.

---

Novi ljudi su se pridružili drugom projektu.

### --feedback--

Brian nije raspravljao o resursima za drugačiji projekat.

---

Planovi budućeg projekta.

### --feedback--

Pitanje se ne tiče novog projekta.

---

Dodatna pomoć od drugih resursa koje je tim zatražio.

## --video-solution--

4

# --explanation--

Nakon razgovora o problemima sa konektivnošću, Brian počinje sledeći deo poruke rečeno `She also asks...`. Pronađite ovaj deo u e-pošti i pročitać tu liniju kako biste mogli tačno da odgovorite na ovo pitanje.