---
id: 6824ac5b2cf0b6520e394668
title: Vežba 152
challengeType: 19
dashedName: task-152
lang: en-US
---
<!-- READING -->

# --instructions--

Pročitajte tekst i odgovorite na pitanje koje je navedeno/nalazi se ispod.

# --questions--

## --text--

Jessica je poslala e-mail timu sledećeg dana, sažimajući svoj razgovor sa Jamesom o novoj verziji programa.

`Hi team,`

`Yesterday, I met with James to compare the old and new versions of our software. Below is a summary of our discussion and key points to consider:`

`- Overall Improvements`

`The new version looks cleaner and is easier to use. James mentioned that it not only looks better but also responds faster and works more smoothly during tasks.`

`- Stability`

`We both agreed the new version is much more stable. It doesn't crash as often, and we've seen fewer serious problems. Most of the remaining issues are small.`

`- Performance and Data Handling`

`The new version can handle more data and actions at once. We also made sure it can grow as more users join, without slowing down.`

`- Screen Sizes and Device Compatibility`

`The software adjusts well to different screen sizes and devices. Everything resizes by itself, making the experience nicer and more user-friendly.`

`- Installation and Setup`

`Installing the new version is much quicker. After downloading, users can start right away. The setup is simple, which helps reduce confusion.`

`- Feedback and Next Steps`

`This feedback will help guide our future updates. Please review this report and let me know if you have additional input. We'll use this to plan our next phase of improvements.`

`Thanks,`

`Jessica`

Šta se kaže o procesu instalacije i konfiguracije?

## --answers--

Lako i brzo za korisnike da započnu korišćenje aplikacije/programa.

---

Potrebne su napredne mere pre nego što korisnici počnu.

### --feedback--

Jessica kaže da je konfiguracija laka i da korisnici mogu početi odmah nakon preuzimanja.

---

Korisnici moraju pozvati pomoć ili dovršiti konfiguraciju.

### --feedback--

Nema objašnjenja za potrebe pomoći pri instalaciji.

---

Preuzimanje traje dugo da se završi.

### --feedback--

Jessica kaže da verzija postavlja `much quicker`.

## --video-solution--

1

# --explanation--

Jessica kaže `installing the new version is much quicker`, i `the setup is simple`. Takođe navodi da korisnici mogu `start right away`.

Sve ovo pokazuje da je proces brz i jednostavan.