---
id: 6824a8fe935ec94d35fbf95f
title: Vežba 148
challengeType: 19
dashedName: task-148
lang: en-US
---
<!-- READING -->

# --instructions--

Pročitajte tekst i odgovorite na pitanje koje je navedeno/nalazi se ispod.

# --questions--

## --text--

Džesika je poslala e-mail timu sledećeg dana, sažeći svoj razgovor sa Džejmsom o novoj verziji programa.

`Hi team,`

`Yesterday, I met with James to compare the old and new versions of our software. Below is a summary of our discussion and key points to consider:`

`- Overall Improvements`

`The new version looks cleaner and is easier to use. James mentioned that it not only looks better but also responds faster and works more smoothly during tasks.`

`- Stability`

`We both agreed the new version is much more stable. It doesn't crash as often, and we've seen fewer serious problems. Most of the remaining issues are small.`

`- Performance and Data Handling`

`The new version can handle more data and actions at once. We also made sure it can grow as more users join, without slowing down.`

`- Screen Sizes and Device Compatibility`

`The software adjusts well to different screen sizes and devices. Everything resizes by itself, making the experience nicer and more user-friendly.`

`- Installation and Setup`

`Installing the new version is much quicker. After downloading, users can start right away. The setup is simple, which helps reduce confusion.`

`- Feedback and Next Steps`

`This feedback will help guide our future updates. Please review this report and let me know if you have additional input. We'll use this to plan our next phase of improvements.`

`Thanks,`

`Jessica`

Šta Jessica kaže o opštem dizajnu i performansama nove verzije?

## --answers--

Izgleda najčistije i odgovara brzo tokom rada.

---

Koristi novi raspored boja i ima nekoliko grešaka.

### --feedback--

Nema objašnjenja o promenama boje ili specifičnom broju grešaka u ovom delu.

---

Izgleda teže, ali radi isto.

### --feedback--

Jessica kaže da je lako za upotrebu i radi sa većom lakoćom, nije teže niti se promenilo.

---

Radi brže, ali se nije promenio po gledanju.

### --feedback--

Jessica kaže da izgleda čisto i radi bolje.

## --video-solution--

1

# --explanation--

Jessica najavljuje novu verziju `looks cleaner`, `is easier to use`, `responds faster`, na `works more smoothly`.

Ovo prikazuje poboljšanje izgleda i performansi.