---
id: 6824ab7aade728501a5d4bb3
title: Vežba 150
challengeType: 19
dashedName: task-150
lang: en-US
---
<!-- READING -->

# --instructions--

Pročitajte tekst i odgovorite na pitanje koje je navedeno/nalazi se ispod.

# --questions--

## --text--

Jessica je poslala e-mail timu sledećeg dana, sažimajući svoj razgovor sa Jamesom o novoj verziji programa.

`Hi team,`

`Yesterday, I met with James to compare the old and new versions of our software. Below is a summary of our discussion and key points to consider:`

`- Overall Improvements`

`The new version looks cleaner and is easier to use. James mentioned that it not only looks better but also responds faster and works more smoothly during tasks.`

`- Stability`

`We both agreed the new version is much more stable. It doesn't crash as often, and we've seen fewer serious problems. Most of the remaining issues are small.`

`- Performance and Data Handling`

`The new version can handle more data and actions at once. We also made sure it can grow as more users join, without slowing down.`

`- Screen Sizes and Device Compatibility`

`The software adjusts well to different screen sizes and devices. Everything resizes by itself, making the experience nicer and more user-friendly.`

`- Installation and Setup`

`Installing the new version is much quicker. After downloading, users can start right away. The setup is simple, which helps reduce confusion.`

`- Feedback and Next Steps`

`This feedback will help guide our future updates. Please review this report and let me know if you have additional input. We'll use this to plan our next phase of improvements.`

`Thanks,`

`Jessica`

Šta izveštaj kaže o tome kako aplikacija rukuje performansama i rastom?

## --answers--

Može da obradi više podataka i raste/skalira za sve više korisnika.

---

Nastaje kašnjenje kada se pridruži previše korisnika.

### --feedback--

Jessica kaže da može rasti bez kašnjenja.

---

Trenutno može da obrađuje samo malu količinu podataka.

### --feedback--

Kaže da obrađuje podatke i radnje više nego ranije.

---

Server mora biti nadograđen ili skaliran.

### --feedback--

Nije pomenuto nijedno poboljšanje servera.

## --video-solution--

1

# --explanation--

Jessica objašnjava da nova verzija `can handle more data and actions at once` i da `can grow as more users join without slowing down`.

Ovo pokazuje poboljšane performanse i potencijal za rast.