---
id: 6824abe118c6a450e4ec5e6e
title: Vežba 151
challengeType: 19
dashedName: task-151
lang: en-US
---
<!-- READING -->

# --instructions--

Pročitajte tekst i odgovorite na pitanje koje se nalazi ispod.

# --questions--

## --text--

Sledećeg dana Džesika je poslala imejl timu u kojem je sažela svoj razgovor sa Džejmsom o novoj verziji softvera.

`Hi team,`

`Yesterday, I met with James to compare the old and new versions of our software. Below is a summary of our discussion and key points to consider:`

`- Overall Improvements`

`The new version looks cleaner and is easier to use. James mentioned that it not only looks better but also responds faster and works more smoothly during tasks.`

`- Stability`

`We both agreed the new version is much more stable. It doesn't crash as often, and we've seen fewer serious problems. Most of the remaining issues are small.`

`- Performance and Data Handling`

`The new version can handle more data and actions at once. We also made sure it can grow as more users join, without slowing down.`

`- Screen Sizes and Device Compatibility`

`The software adjusts well to different screen sizes and devices. Everything resizes by itself, making the experience nicer and more user-friendly.`

`- Installation and Setup`

`Installing the new version is much quicker. After downloading, users can start right away. The setup is simple, which helps reduce confusion.`

`- Feedback and Next Steps`

`This feedback will help guide our future updates. Please review this report and let me know if you have additional input. We'll use this to plan our next phase of improvements.`

`Thanks,`

`Jessica`

Šta Jessica kaže o performansama aplikacije na različitim uređajima?

## --answers--

Korisnici moraju ručno podesiti svaki uređaj.

### --feedback--

Jessica kaže da menja veličinu `by itself`, što znači da se to dešava automatski.

---

Radi dobro samo na velikom ekranu.

### --feedback--

Navodi da radi dobro na različitim uređajima, a ne samo na velikim ekranima.

---

Samostalno se prilagođava veličini i raznim ekran uređajima/komponentama.

---

Nova verzija još uvek nije kompatibilna sa telefonom.

### --feedback--

Nema nikakako informacija o problemima sa usklađivanjem uređaja.

## --video-solution--

3

# --explanation--

Jessica piše da program `adjusts well to different screen sizes and devices` i `resizes by itself`.

Ovo znači da radi dobro na uređajima bez napora korisnika.