---
id: 684710868797413676e41de6
title: Vežba 46
challengeType: 19
dashedName: task-46
lang: en-US
---
<!-- READING -->

# --instructions--

Pročitajte tekst i odgovorite na pitanje koje se nalazi ispod.

# --questions--

## --text--

Nakon razgovora sa Jamesom, Jessica je pojasnila projektnu raspored i distribuirala ga timu:

`Updated Project Timeline`

`Hi team,`

`We've updated our project timeline after reviewing the schedule.`

`The first phase is finalizing the software requirements, which should be done by Friday, March 7, 2025. In the second phase, we have ten development tasks. One important task is setting up the core database, as many other parts depend on it. This development phase will run from March 10 to April 4, 2025. The third phase is all about initial testing, and we aim to finish it by April 30, 2025. Finally, in the last phase, we'll spend two weeks on beta testing and fixing any critical issues. The final task in this phase is preparing the deployment documentation, which should be ready by May 16, 2025.`

`Let me know if you have any questions or need help with your part of the plan.`

`Best,`

`Jessica`

Do kog datuma bi trebalo da budu spremni programski dokumenti za distribuciju?

## --answers--

30. aprila 2025.

### --feedback--

30. aprila je poslednji datum za preliminarne testove, a ne konačna dokumentacija.

---

10. mart 2025.

### --feedback--

10. mart je početak razvoja faze, a nije kraj projekta.

---

1. maj 2025.

### --feedback--

Ova data se nalazi u sredini faze beta testiranja — 16. maj je krajnji rok.

---

16. maj 2025.

## --video-solution--

4

# --explanation--

Rečenica koja prethodi `The final task in this phase is...`.

Jessica navodi da je poslednji zadatak završne faze priprema dokumentacije za distribuciju programa, koja mora biti spremna do 16. maja 2025. godine.