---
id: 68470f0731b5ea34f9c7e58a
title: Vežba 44
challengeType: 19
dashedName: task-44
lang: en-US
---
<!-- READING -->

# --instructions--

Pročitao/Izvršite zadatak čitanjem teksta u odnosu na pitanje koje je dole.

# --questions--

## --text--

Nakon razgovora sa Jamesom, Jessica je objasnila raspored projekta i podelila ga s timom:

`Updated Project Timeline`

`Hi team,`

`We've updated our project timeline after reviewing the schedule.`

`The first phase is finalizing the software requirements, which should be done by Friday, March 7, 2025. In the second phase, we have ten development tasks. One important task is setting up the core database, as many other parts depend on it. This development phase will run from March 10 to April 4, 2025. The third phase is all about initial testing, and we aim to finish it by April 30, 2025. Finally, in the last phase, we'll spend two weeks on beta testing and fixing any critical issues. The final task in this phase is preparing the deployment documentation, which should be ready by May 16, 2025.`

`Let me know if you have any questions or need help with your part of the plan.`

`Best,`

`Jessica`

Šta se dešava u trećoj fazi projekta?

## --answers--

Početno ispitivanje

---

Proveri poslednji kod

### --feedback--

Završna revizija i korekcije se dešavaju u poslednjoj fazi, a ne u trećoj.

---

Izmene strukture

### --feedback--

Treći deo nije u strukturi.

---

Unos ekipe

### --feedback--

Uključivanje tima nije spomenuto u rasporedu — Jessica objašnjava faze projekta.

## --video-solution--

1

# --explanation--

Obratite pažnju na rečenicu koja prethodi `The third phase is...`.

`The third phase is all about initial testing`, kao što je opisano u ažuriranju. Prati razvoj i pomaže pri pripremi za beta testiranje.