---
id: 68484b5100af0b6bdd343021
title: Vežba od 100
challengeType: 19
dashedName: task-100
lang: en-US
---
<!-- READING -->

# --instructions--

Pročitajte tekst i odgovorite na pitanje koje je navedeno/nalazi se ispod.

# --questions--

## --text--

Nakon sastanka sa Davidom, Alice je podelila raspodelu budžeta sa celim timom:

`Hi team,`

`Here's a summary of how our project budget is currently divided across different phases:`

- `Development Phase: 45% of the total budget is for development. One-fourth of that goes to back-end development to support our scalability goals.`

- `Front-End & Design: 27% is for front-end and user interface design. Half of this amount is focused on improving user experience so the app is smooth and easy to use.`

- `Testing: 13% of the budget is for testing, from unit tests to final quality checks. This helps us avoid bugs and ensure a stable launch.`

- `Contingency: 15% of the budget is saved for unexpected costs later in the project.`

`So far, we've spent about 40% of the total budget, mainly on setup and early development. We'll keep monitoring our spending and make changes if needed as we move forward.`

`Best,`

`Alice`

Koliki deo ukupnog budžeta je do sada potrošen?

## --answers--

13%

### --feedback--

13% imetengwa kwa `Testing`, si matumizi yote hadi sasa.

---

Polovina

### --feedback--

Tim je koristio manje od polovine.

---

Kiasi cha 40%

---

75%

### --feedback--

Korišćenje još uvek nije dostiglo taj nivo.

## --video-solution--

3

# --explanation--

Obratite pažnju na rečenicu koja prethodi `So far, we've spent...`.

Alice navodi koliko je potrošeno od celokupnog budžeta, posebno za pripremu i preliminarni razvojni rad.