---
id: 68484c2ac2fb7f6cac906439
title: Vežba 101
challengeType: 19
dashedName: task-101
lang: en-US
---
<!-- READING -->

# --instructions--

Pročitajte tekst i odgovorite na pitanje koje se nalazi ispod.

# --questions--

## --text--

Nakon sastanka sa Davidom, Alice je podelila raspodelu budžeta sa celim timom:

`Hi team,`

`Here's a summary of how our project budget is currently divided across different phases:`

- `Development Phase: 45% of the total budget is for development. One-fourth of that goes to back-end development to support our scalability goals.`

- `Front-End & Design: 27% is for front-end and user interface design. Half of this amount is focused on improving user experience so the app is smooth and easy to use.`

- `Testing: 13% of the budget is for testing, from unit tests to final quality checks. This helps us avoid bugs and ensure a stable launch.`

- `Contingency: 15% of the budget is saved for unexpected costs later in the project.`

`So far, we've spent about 40% of the total budget, mainly on setup and early development. We'll keep monitoring our spending and make changes if needed as we move forward.`

`Best,`

`Alice`

Šta će tim uraditi ako je potrebno promeniti upotrebu?

## --answers--

Napusti razvoj ili uštedu novca.

### --feedback--

Alice hajasema wataacha ukuzaji.

---

Zatražite dodatno finansiranje od klijenata.

### --feedback--

Nema objašnjenja za zahtevanje više sredstava.

---

Prati budžet i napravi korekcije ako je potrebno.

---

Smanite fazu `Testing`.

### --feedback--

`Testing` bado imepangwa bajeti ya 13%. Hakuna mpango wa kuiondoa au kuipunguza.

## --video-solution--

3

# --explanation--

Obratite pažnju na prethodnu rečenicu koja sadrži `We'll keep...`.

Alice kaže da će tim pratiti potrošnju i napraviti prilagođavanja ako je potrebno. To pokazuje da tim ostaje fleksibilan i prilagođava se budžetu.