---
id: 68569b11df2be30cffc397a1
title: Vežba 93
challengeType: 22
dashedName: task-93
lang: en-US
---
<!-- REVIEW -->

# --description--

Ovo je pregled svih razgovora koje ste upravo pročitali.

# --instructions--

Napišite sledeće reči ili rečenice na pravo mesto:

`thrilling`, `opportunity to`, `interested in`, `exciting`, `motivation`, na `with confidence`.

# --fillInTheBlank--

## --sentence--

`Brian: Hey Lisa, what motivated you to choose a career in tech?`

`Lisa: One of my main motivations was the financial stability that tech jobs can provide. It allows me to plan for my future BLANK. In other fields, it's much more difficult to achieve this stability.`

`Brian: Financial stability is certainly important, Lisa. For me, it was the BLANK collaborate with experts from many fields and have different perspectives.`

`Lisa: Collaborating with diverse teams can be BLANK, Brian. Another thing was the chance to be part of projects that push the limits of innovation and creativity.`

`Brian: I'm with you on that one. I'm also BLANK the flexibility that tech roles offer. They allow us to balance our jobs with personal interests and hobbies.`

`Lisa: Yeah. Also, the satisfaction of solving complex problems and finding practical solutions is really BLANK.`

`Brian: Knowing that we solved problems is really exciting, Lisa. I hope we keep getting as much BLANK from it as we can.`

## --blanks--

`with confidence`

### --feedback--

Ovo znači raditi nešto bez straha ili sumnje.

---

`opportunity to`

### --feedback--

Ovo znači imati priliku da se nešto uradi.

---

`exciting`

### --feedback--

Ovo opisuje nešto što vas čini srećnim i punim energije.

---

`interested in`

### --feedback--

Ovo znači da želiš više znati o nečemu ili uživati.

---

`thrilling`

### --feedback--

To znači biti veoma uzbudljiv ili imati snažne emocije.

---

`motivation`

### --feedback--

Ovo je razlog zašto osoba želi da nešto uradi ili da radi naporno.