---
id: 65fff57ce568cf1ed9702fbf
title: Vežba 15
challengeType: 22
dashedName: task-15
lang: en-US
---
<!-- REVIEW -->

# --description--

Ovo je pregled svih razgovora koje ste upravo pročitali.

# --instructions--

Napišite sledeće reči ili rečenice na pravo mesto:

`check for`, `navigate`, `relevant to`, `index`, `overview`, na `introductory`.

# --fillInTheBlank--

## --sentence--

`Tom: I'm trying to understand the code documentation, but it's quite overwhelming. What should I do to BLANK it more effectively?`

`Sarah: Don't worry. When you're faced with extensive documentation, the first thing you should do is BLANK a table of contents or an BLANK. It can help you find the specific information you're looking for.`

`Tom: Okay, that makes sense. And what should I do next?`

`Sarah: Once you've found the section you need, you should start by reading the BLANK paragraphs to get an BLANK of what the documentation covers. Then you can skim through and focus on the parts BLANK your current task.`

`Tom: Thanks, I'll go over the documentation as you said.`

## --blanks--

`navigate`

### --feedback--

Kroz nešto, poput veb stranice ili dokumenta.

---

`check for`

### --feedback--

Proveriti da li nešto postoji ili je tačno.

---

`index`

### --feedback--

Indeks koji pokazuje gde se mogu pronaći stavke u knjizi ili dokumentu.

---

`introductory`

### --feedback--

Uvodni deo koji pruža osnovne informacije.

---

`overview`

### --feedback--

Kratak sažetak koji daje glavnu ideju nečega.

---

`relevant to`

### --feedback--

Povezano sa ili važno za temu.