---
id: 685e5aca93db0b0d9d7dc088
title: Vežba 33
challengeType: 22
dashedName: task-33
lang: en-US
---
<!-- REVIEW -->

# --description--

Ovo je pregled svih konverzacija koje ste upravo pročitali.

# --instructions--

Napišite sledeće reči ili rečenice na pravo mesto:

`Word is`, `organized`, `in charge of`, `excellent at`, `hiring people`, `best interests`, na `in our company`.

# --fillInTheBlank--

## --sentence--

`Bob: Hey, have you met Anna yet? She's now BLANK the HR department.`

`Sophie: No, I haven't seen her yet. What can you tell me about her?`

`Bob: She is a tall woman in her early 40s, with long blond hair and glasses. You'll recognize her right away. She's quite serious and BLANK, which makes her BLANK her job. She's been working with tech companies for about ten years.`

`Sophie: Ten years? That's impressive! What does she do exactly?`

`Bob: Well, she's responsible for BLANK and taking care of workers. She makes sure we follow the rules and that everyone is happy. BLANK that she's strict but fair, and she always looks out for the BLANK of the team.`

`Sophie: Those are very positive things you've just said. I'm excited we have someone like her BLANK. I'd love to chat with her sometime and learn from her experiences.`

## --blanks--

`in charge of`

### --feedback--

Angažovan je za neko pitanje ili vođenje tima ili vežbe.

---

`organized`

### --feedback--

Osoba koja ima dobar plan i radi stvari sistematično.

---

`excellent at`

### --feedback--

Osoba sa velikom veštinom u nečemu.

---

`hiring people`

### --feedback--

Izabrati i dovesti nove zaposlene u kompaniju.

---

`Word is`

### --feedback--

Fraza koja se koristi za deljenje nečega što ste čuli od drugih. Prvi slovo je veliko.

---

`best interests`

### --feedback--

Ono što najviše pomaže ili je dobro za osobu ili grupu.

---

`in our company`

### --feedback--

Odeljak poslovanja ili tim sa kojim radiš.