---
id: 65e93be2cbc1da18d7602a31
title: Vežba 35
challengeType: 22
dashedName: task-35
lang: en-US
---
<!-- REVIEW -->

# --description--

Ovo je pregled svih razgovora koje ste upravo pročitali.

# --instructions--

Napišite sledeće reči ili rečenice na pravo mesto:

`comments`, `clarify`, `comment on`, `describe`, `double slashes`, na `parts of`.

# --fillInTheBlank--

## --sentence--

`Sophie: I'm working on this code and I think it's a good idea to add BLANK. How should I write comments in the code?`

`Brian: Great idea. To write comments, you simply need to use BLANK to start a comment. Then, you can BLANK what the code does so that other people can understand it, too.`

`Sophie: And what should I BLANK? Are there any specific things I should focus on?`

`Brian: You should comment on any complex or tricky BLANK your code. You can also explain what certain functions do and BLANK the purpose of variables. Try to ensure that your comments are clear and concise.`

`Sophie: I appreciate your help. I'll start adding comments to the code.`

## --blanks--

`comments`

### --feedback--

Komentari u kodu koji objašnjavaju šta kod radi. Kompijuter ne čita te komentare.

---

`double slashes`

### --feedback--

Pisanje komentara u mnogim programskim jezicima koristi `//`.

---

`describe`

### --feedback--

Objasniti šta je nešto ili šta radi.

---

`comment on`

### --feedback--

Napisati ili ostaviti vaše komentare o nečemu.

---

`parts of`

### --feedback--

Različiti delovi ili komadi nečega.

---

`clarify`

### --feedback--

Pojednostaviti nešto da bi bilo lako razumljivo.