---
id: 6720f18957013d8de8ebbe91
title: Vežba 57
challengeType: 19
dashedName: task-57
lang: en-US
---
<!-- READING -->

# --instructions--

Pročitajte tekst i odgovorite na pitanje koje se nalazi ispod.

# --questions--

## --text--

Nakon njihovog razgovora, James je poslao e-mail Alici da je obavesti o tome šta razvojni tim radi za popravljanje problema.

`Hi Alice,`

`I wanted to give you an update about our work on the closed captioning problem we talked about.`

`The development team has been working hard to find the cause of the issues. We think some of the problems, like captions being misaligned or out of sync, are because the synchronization code is old. We are now updating the code and testing it on different devices to make sure the captions work better everywhere.`

`We haven't found a final solution yet, but we are seeing some improvements. The captions are showing up better on most devices, but we still need to do more testing to make sure it works well on all of them. We also plan to add a system that will catch any new errors quickly.`

`I'll keep you updated as we make more progress. If you have any questions or ideas, please let me know.`

`Best,`

`James`

Šta trenutno radi razvojni tim da reši problem?

## --answers--

Kreira novi video.

### --feedback--

E-mail nije spomenuo kreiranje novog videa.

---

Popravljaju kod sinhronizacije i koriste ga u testovima.

---

Dodaju opise slika na različitih jezika.

### --feedback--

Email cilja na ispravku koda sinhronizacije, a ne jezičke opcije.

---

Wanafasiri maelezo ya picha.

### --feedback--

Prevod nije spomenut u mejlu.

## --video-solution--

2

# --explanation--

Da biste dobili tačan odgovor, obratite pažnju na deo gde James opisuje korake koje trenutno preduzima razvojni tim.

Onapominje posebno da `updating the code and testing it on different devices` radi poboljšanja performansi opisa slika.

Potražite opciju koja uključuje ove specifične aktivnosti, jer su one osnova kontinuiranih napora.