---
id: 6720e69c2152da7b9dad577e
title: Vežba 56
challengeType: 19
dashedName: task-56
lang: en-US
---
<!-- READING -->

# --instructions--

Pročitajte tekst i odgovorite na pitanje koje je navedeno/nalazi se ispod.

# --questions--

## --text--

Nakon njihovog razgovora, James je poslao e-mail Alici da je obavesti o tome šta razvojni tim radi kako bi popravio probleme.

`Hi Alice,`

`I wanted to give you an update about our work on the closed captioning problem we talked about.`

`The development team has been working hard to find the cause of the issues. We think some of the problems, like captions being misaligned or out of sync, are because the synchronization code is old. We are now updating the code and testing it on different devices to make sure the captions work better everywhere.`

`We haven't found a final solution yet, but we are seeing some improvements. The captions are showing up better on most devices, but we still need to do more testing to make sure it works well on all of them. We also plan to add a system that will catch any new errors quickly.`

`I'll keep you updated as we make more progress. If you have any questions or ideas, please let me know.`

`Best,`

`James`

Koji je glavni razlog problema sa opisima zaključanih slika, prema e-mailu?

## --answers--

Opis vaše slike na različitim jezicima.

### --feedback--

U imejlu se ne navode jezičke razlike kao uzrok problema.

---

Msimbo wa usawazishaji ni wa zamani.

---

Opisi slika su slučajno izbrisani.

### --feedback--

E-mail nije spomenuo slučajno brisanje.

---

Opis slike je previše mali za čitanje.

### --feedback--

Email govori o poravnanju, a ne o veličini fonta.

## --video-solution--

2

# --explanation--

Da biste dobili tačan odgovor, obratite pažnju na deo gde James koristi reč `because` za opis izvora problema sa opisima zatvorenih slika.

Kaže da neke probleme, kao što su `misaligned` ili `out-of-sync captions`, uzrokuju `because the synchronization code is old`.

Potražite opciju koja pominje stari kod, jer se to smatra glavnim uzrokom problema.