---
id: 672b4812ec997567058875da
title: Vežba 96
challengeType: 19
dashedName: task-96
lang: en-US
---
<!-- READING -->

# --instructions--

Pročitajte tekst i odgovorite na pitanje koje je navedeno/nalazi se ispod.

# --questions--

## --text--

`Linda and her team are working on a new voice command system for smart homes. The goal is to make it easier for everyone, including people with disabilities, to control devices like lights and doors using their voice.`

`One challenge is making sure the system understands different accents. The team has been testing the system with users from different regions, but there are still some problems with background noise.`

`For example, the system sometimes has trouble understanding voices in noisy rooms, like kitchens or living rooms with TVs or radios on. To fix this, they are improving the system's ability to filter out noise and better recognize commands.`

`Before launching the system, the team plans to gather real-world feedback from users to see how well it works in different home settings. This feedback will help them make the system more accurate and ready for everyone to use.`

Šta tim radi da reši sistemske probleme?

## --answers--

Razmisliti o rešenju zajedno.

---

Ignoriši probleme za sada.

### --feedback--

Ekipa pažljivo radi na pronalaženju rešenja, a ne da ignoriše probleme.

---

Izgraditi potpuno novi sistem.

### --feedback--

Tim se fokusira na unapređenje postojećeg sistema, a ne na potpunu rekonstrukciju.

---

Čekanje da korisnici dobiju rešenje.

### --feedback--

Tim samostalno razmišlja o načinima rešavanja problema.

## --video-solution--

1

# --explanation--

Da biste dobili tačan odgovor, pogledajte deo gde Linda govori o tome šta tim radi da reši probleme sistema.

Aya navodi da razvojni tim `has been brainstorming solutions` popravlja probleme sa prepoznavanjem govora, što pokazuje da pokušavaju da poboljšaju sistem.

Pronađite opciju koja opisuje tehniku tima za rešavanje problema sa kojima su se susreli.