---
id: 672f63cadac41a2c9b1897a1
title: Vežba 121
challengeType: 19
dashedName: task-121
lang: en-US
---
<!-- READING -->

# --instructions--

Pročitajte tekst i odgovorite na pitanje koje je navedeno/nalazi se ispod.

# --questions--

## --text--

`After Anna and James discussed ways to enhance accessibility training, they created a plan to meet the goals of making products accessible to everyone. This training will provide the team with an understanding of key accessibility principles and skills to identify and address common issues.`

`The training will start by conducting an overview of essential accessibility concepts, such as color contrast, screen reader compatibility, and keyboard navigation. To make the sessions engaging, the plan includes interactive activities and real-life scenarios — like navigating without a mouse or relying on a screen reader. These exercises are designed to show the importance of removing accessibility barriers.`

`Throughout the training, they will gather feedback to understand what's effective and find areas to improve. This approach will help the team develop practical skills and make accessibility a natural part of their work.`

Mpango wa mafunzo unafanya vikao kuwa vya kuvutia vipi?

## --answers--

Korišćenjem interaktivnih aktivnosti sa stvarnim životnim situacijama.

---

Kwa kufundisha mbinu za programu za hali ya juu.

### --feedback--

Mafunzo ni kuhusu Ufikikaji na hayazingatii mbinu za programu za hali ya juu.

---

Za davanje predavanja samo o pristupačnosti.

### --feedback--

Sastanak uključuje interaktivne aktivnosti i realne situacije, a ne samo predavanja.

---

Kwa kuweka miradi ya mtu binafsi tu.

### --feedback--

Sastanak je osmišljen da angažuje kroz grupne aktivnosti i stvarne scenarije, a ne individualne projekte.

## --video-solution--

1

# --explanation--

Da biste dobili tačan odgovor, pogledajte kako je program obuke namijenjen da učini sesije zanimljivima.

Aya pominje upotrebu `interactive activities and real-life scenarios`, kao što je `navigating without a mouse or relying on a screen reader`.

Pronađi opciju koja uključuje ove aktivnosti, jer je to osnova za angažovanje tima u praksi pristupačnosti.