---
id: 672f630337512b2b62595731
title: Vežbanje 120
challengeType: 19
dashedName: task-120
lang: en-US
---
<!-- READING -->

# --instructions--

Pročitajte tekst i odgovorite na pitanje koje se nalazi ispod.

# --questions--

## --text--

`After Anna and James discussed ways to enhance accessibility training, they created a plan to meet the goals of making products accessible to everyone. This training will provide the team with an understanding of key accessibility principles and skills to identify and address common issues.`

`The training will start by conducting an overview of essential accessibility concepts, such as color contrast, screen reader compatibility, and keyboard navigation. To make the sessions engaging, the plan includes interactive activities and real-life scenarios — like navigating without a mouse or relying on a screen reader. These exercises are designed to show the importance of removing accessibility barriers.`

`Throughout the training, they will gather feedback to understand what's effective and find areas to improve. This approach will help the team develop practical skills and make accessibility a natural part of their work.`

Šta obuhvata sažetak treninga?

## --answers--

Samo praktične aktivnosti.

### --feedback--

Obuka takođe uključuje sažetak ključnih koncepata pristupačnosti, a ne samo aktivnosti.

---

Lista isključivo izazova pristupa.

### --feedback--

Sažetak uključuje osnovne koncepte pristupačnosti, a ne samo spisak izazova.

---

Uvod u česte probleme programa.

### --feedback--

Sažetak se fokusira na koncepte pristupačnosti, a ne na uobičajene probleme programa.

---

Sažetak ključnih koncepata pristupačnosti, kao što su kontrast boja i kompatibilnost sa čitačem ekrana.

## --video-solution--

4

# --explanation--

Da biste dobili tačan odgovor, obratite pažnju na ono što sažetak treninga uključuje.

Aya objašnjava da se tiče `essential accessibility concepts, such as color contrast, screen reader compatibility, and keyboard navigation`.

Pronađi opciju koja pominje ove specifične koncepte kao deo sažetka.