---
id: 672f606201263928a06b2a04
title: Vežba 119
challengeType: 19
dashedName: task-119
lang: en-US
---
<!-- READING -->

# --instructions--

Pročitajte tekst i odgovorite na pitanje koje se nalazi ispod.

# --questions--

## --text--

`After Anna and James discussed ways to enhance accessibility training, they created a plan to meet the goals of making products accessible to everyone. This training will provide the team with an understanding of key accessibility principles and skills to identify and address common issues.`

`The training will start by conducting an overview of essential accessibility concepts, such as color contrast, screen reader compatibility, and keyboard navigation. To make the sessions engaging, the plan includes interactive activities and real-life scenarios — like navigating without a mouse or relying on a screen reader. These exercises are designed to show the importance of removing accessibility barriers.`

`Throughout the training, they will gather feedback to understand what's effective and find areas to improve. This approach will help the team develop practical skills and make accessibility a natural part of their work.`

Koji je glavni cilj obuke pristupačnosti?

## --answers--

Omogućiti timu sa naprednim znanjem razvoja softvera.

### --feedback--

Obuke su se fokusirale na pristupačnost, a ne na opšte znanje programa.

---

Pokretanje tima samo sa novim alatima za pristup.

### --feedback--

Obuka obuhvata više od samo alata; obrađuje i principe i veštine.

---

Omogućiti proizvode svima. / Da bi proizvodi bili dostupni svakome.

---

Razvijati veštine dizajnerskog kreativnog mišljenja.

### --feedback--

Obuka se fokusirala na pristupačnost, a ne na kreativni dizajn.

## --video-solution--

3

# --explanation--

Da biste dobili tačan odgovor, obratite pažnju na glavni cilj obuke za pristupačnost naveden u tekstu.

Prvi dan kaže da je cilj obuke da proizvodi budu dostupni svima.

Pronađi opciju koja naglašava ovu namenu.