---
id: 68592d6448f6071e0e7bd902
title: Vežba 49
challengeType: 22
dashedName: task-49
lang: en-US
---
<!-- REVIEW -->

# --description--

Ovo je pregled svih razgovora koje ste upravo pročitali.

# --instructions--

Napišite sledeće reči ili rečenice na pravo mesto:

`issue`, `rollback`, `previous version`, `logs`, `comment on`, na `investigating`.

# --fillInTheBlank--

## --sentence--

`Tom: Hey, Sarah. I saw your BLANK the issue I opened. Thanks for your help.`

`Sarah: No problem, Tom. I noticed the BLANK you mentioned and I've already tried a few things to solve it.`

`Tom: That's great. What did you find?`

`Sarah: Well, I was BLANK the code when I saw that the problem might be related to the recent updates. I tried rolling back to the BLANK, but it didn't fix the issue.`

`Tom: I see. We might have to talk to the team to see if they can help us.`

`Sarah: Agreed. I'll create a PR with the BLANK and some additional BLANK for debugging. That may help us find what the problem is.`

## --blanks--

`comment on`

### --feedback--

Napisana poruka o nečemu se često koristi za davanje mišljenja ili deljenje ideje.

---

`issue`

### --feedback--

Problem ili zadatak koji treba uzeti u obzir u softverskom projektu.

---

`investigating`

### --feedback--

Istražiti problem kako bi se shvatilo šta je pošlo naopako.

---

`previous version`

### --feedback--

Prethodna verzija programa ili fajla, prije nego što su napravljene promjene.

---

`rollback`

### --feedback--

Vrati se na prethodnu verziju programa jer je nešto pošlo po zlu.

---

`logs`

### --feedback--

Log fajlovi koji prikazuju šta se dogodilo u programu, često se koriste za pronalaženje problema.