---
id: 6752100607e30e31bd85af76
title: Vežba 46
challengeType: 19
dashedName: task-46
lang: en-US
---
<!-- READING -->

# --instructions--

Pročitajte tekst i odgovorite na pitanje koje se nalazi ispod.

# --questions--

## --text--

Ovo je poruka koju je Jake upotrijebio za svoj tim:

`Hi Team,`

`Here is the checklist for the upcoming system update. Please ensure all tasks are completed on time:`

`- Thursday afternoon: The training session for the new security protocols is planned.`  
`- Friday afternoon: All security patches are ready to be deployed.`  
`- Friday evening: The final system checks are set.`  
`- Saturday at 2 AM: The system update is scheduled to start, with server downtime lasting two hours.`  
`- During the update: The support team is on call to manage any immediate issues.` 

`Firewall settings are enhanced by Friday to prevent potential DoS attacks. Let me know if there are any questions!`

Kada počinje period nefunkcionalnosti sistema?

## --answers--

`Friday night`

### --feedback--

Ovo je vreme konačne inspekcije, nije vreme za prekid rada.

---

`Thursday afternoon`

### --feedback--

Ovo se tiče obuke/treninga, to nije vreme za lenjaštvo.

---

`Friday at 2 AM`

### --feedback--

Period neaktivnosti ne počinje u petak.

---

`Saturday at 2 AM.`

## --video-solution--

4

# --explanation--

Da biste saznali vreme početka neaktivnosti sistema, obratite pažnju na deo poruke gde Jake govori o rasporedu.

Potraži izraz `The system update is scheduled to...` da pronađeš tačan odgovor.
