---
id: 6763432a8c2ae1b0de0e1fc0
title: Lekcija 149
challengeType: 19
dashedName: task-149
lang: en-US
---
<!-- READING -->

# --instructions--

Pročitajte tekst i odgovorite na pitanje koje se nalazi ispod.

# --questions--

## --text--

Ovo je poruka o budućoj obuci.

`The Importance of Training for Database Security`

`To protect our databases from threats like SQL injection attacks, we are going to focus on improving the team's skills. The training will teach developers how to use parameterized queries and follow best practices. These methods will help reduce the risk of unauthorized access to sensitive data.`

`We are also going to discuss how to monitor database activity more closely. This will help the team find suspicious patterns early and respond quickly.`

`At the end of the training, the team will be fully prepared to deal with new challenges and share important updates with other departments.`

Šta će te obuke naučiti timu?

## --answers--

Kako poboljšati performanse baze podataka.

### --feedback--

Pisanje ne zahteva poboljšanje performansi baze podataka kao deo obuke.

---

Kako dizajnirati nove strukture baza podataka.

### --feedback--

Ovaj trening je posvećen kreiranju novih struktura baza podataka.

---

Kako zaštititi mrežnu komunikaciju.

### --feedback--

Ova obuka se tiče bezbednosti baze podataka, a ne mrežne komunikacije.

---

Kako koristiti upitnike sa parametrima i pratiti najbolje prakse.

## --video-solution--

4

# --explanation--

Tekst navodi, `The training will teach developers how to use parameterized queries and follow best practices.` Ovo su dve specifične veštine na koje će obuku se fokusirati.