---
id: 68377e01dfa63f34492e7d7e
title: Vežba od 100
challengeType: 19
dashedName: task-100
lang: en-US
---
<!-- READING -->

# --instructions--

Pročitajte tekst i odgovorite na pitanje koje se nalazi ispod.

# --questions--

## --text--

Tim priprema list predloženih promena od Toma:

**`Planned Website Modifications Based on User Feedback`**

**`1. Adjust the Color Scheme`**

`Some users said the current colors are too strong. We will use softer and lighter colors to make the website easier to look at.`

**`2. Optimize Image Sizes`**

`A few images are too large and make the pages load slowly. We will reduce their size so the website works faster.`

**`3. Keep the New Navigation Menu`**

`Users like the new menu. It's easier to use, so we will keep it as it is.`

**`4. Keep the Simplified Layout`**

`The simpler layout helps people find information faster. We will keep this new layout.`

**`5. Keep the Updated Contact Page`**

`The contact form is user-friendly and the extra contact options are helpful. We will not make changes here.`

**`6. Maintain Fast Response Times`**

`Users are happy with quicker replies. We will continue to respond quickly.`

Prema povratnim informacijama korisnika, šta čini novi raspored sajta boljim od prethodnog?

## --answers--

Ima više boja i uzbudljive crteže/motive.

### --feedback--

Nema objašnjenja o zanimljivim crtežima ili više boja kako bi se aranžman poboljšao.

---

Ima više slika i videa.

### --feedback--

Komentari nisu bili o sadržaju medija.

---

Pomaže korisnicima da dobiju informacije brže.

---

Prikazuje nekoliko opcija menija.

### --feedback--

Komentari nisu bili o broju stavki na meniju.

## --video-solution--

3

# --explanation--

Funkcija `Keep the Simplified Layout` daje povratnu informaciju o novom rasporedu predloženom od tima. Pročitajte opis ove funkcije kako biste mogli tačno da odgovorite na ovo pitanje.