---
id: 68377a47a5c071206f51f0df
title: Vežba 97
challengeType: 19
dashedName: task-97
lang: en-US
---
<!-- READING -->

# --instructions--

Pročitajte tekst i odgovorite na pitanje koje se nalazi ispod.

# --questions--

## --text--

Tim priprema spisak predloženih promena od strane Toma:

**`Planned Website Modifications Based on User Feedback`**

**`1. Adjust the Color Scheme`**

`Some users said the current colors are too strong. We will use softer and lighter colors to make the website easier to look at.`

**`2. Optimize Image Sizes`**

`A few images are too large and make the pages load slowly. We will reduce their size so the website works faster.`

**`3. Keep the New Navigation Menu`**

`Users like the new menu. It's easier to use, so we will keep it as it is.`

**`4. Keep the Simplified Layout`**

`The simpler layout helps people find information faster. We will keep this new layout.`

**`5. Keep the Updated Contact Page`**

`The contact form is user-friendly and the extra contact options are helpful. We will not make changes here.`

**`6. Maintain Fast Response Times`**

`Users are happy with quicker replies. We will continue to respond quickly.`

Koje su potrebne druge promene?

## --answers--

Promeniti podešavanje ili ga učiniti teškim.

### --feedback--

Podešavanje je preporučeno jer je jednostavno i lako za korišćenje.

---

Uklanjanje dodatnih opcija komunikacije.

### --feedback--

Korisnici su voleli dodatne opcije komunikacije; nema potrebe da se uklanja.

---

Da učinimo boje svetlijima.

### --feedback--

Ovo je prva potrebna izmena.

---

Smanite veličinu slike.

## --video-solution--

4

# --explanation--

Drugi deo u planu kaže da će biti važno `Optimize Image Sizes`. Pročitajte opisni tekst ispod ovog dela kako biste mogli tačno da odgovorite na ovo pitanje.