---
id: 68399e63b5881dcd8a1d2009
title: Vežba 132
challengeType: 19
dashedName: task-132
lang: en-US
---
<!-- READING -->

# --instructions--

Pročitajte tekst i odgovorite na pitanje koje je navedeno/nalazi se ispod.

# --questions--

## --text--

Zamisli da je neko napisao sažetak sastanka između Lise i Marka. Ovo su snimljeni detalji.

`Lisa and Mark discussed the recent database crash that happened last week. Lisa mentioned that after reviewing the logs, she realized the system overload might have been prevented if they had monitored the system load more closely. Mark agreed and added that the logs showed an unusually high number of queries hitting the database just before the crash. He suggested that if these queries had been spread more evenly, the system might not have failed.`

`Lisa also pointed out that they hadn't updated their database management software for some time. She believed that if the latest patches had been installed, some of the vulnerabilities exploited during the crash could have been fixed. Mark shared the same thought and expressed frustration that they had not prioritized the update earlier, which might have prevented the problem.`

`Finally, Lisa noted that although the situation was difficult, it was an important lesson. She asked how they could avoid such issues in the future, emphasizing the need for a more proactive maintenance strategy.`

Da li je Lisa videla bilo kakve dobre rezultate usled sistemske greške?

## --answers--

Da, rekao je da je to bila važna lekcija.

---

Ne, mislio je da je to bilo samo gubljenje vremena.

### --feedback--

Lisa nije mislila da je to bilo bacanje vremena.

---

Ne, osetio je da je problem nemoguć za rešavanje.

### --feedback--

Lisa je zaista htela da pronađe načine da spreči taj problem u budućnosti.

---

Da, rekao je da je greška uzrokovana problemima sa hardverom/opremom.

### --feedback--

Lisa nije spomenula probleme sa opremom.

## --video-solution--

1

# --explanation--

Na kraju teksta, navodi se da je Liza rekla da je rešavanje greške sistema bilo teška situacija, ali što su saznali kako sistem funkcioniše, to je učinilo da tim nauči nešto. Pročitajte poslednji pasus kako biste mogli tačno odgovoriti na ovo pitanje.