---
id: 68399fb2b9b500ce4508f2eb
title: Vežba 133
challengeType: 19
dashedName: task-133
lang: en-US
---
<!-- READING -->

# --instructions--

Pročitajte tekst i odgovorite na pitanje koje se nalazi ispod.

# --questions--

## --text--

Zamislite da je neko napisao sažetak sastanka između Lise i Marka. Ovo su snimljene napomene.

`Lisa and Mark discussed the recent database crash that happened last week. Lisa mentioned that after reviewing the logs, she realized the system overload might have been prevented if they had monitored the system load more closely. Mark agreed and added that the logs showed an unusually high number of queries hitting the database just before the crash. He suggested that if these queries had been spread more evenly, the system might not have failed.`

`Lisa also pointed out that they hadn't updated their database management software for some time. She believed that if the latest patches had been installed, some of the vulnerabilities exploited during the crash could have been fixed. Mark shared the same thought and expressed frustration that they had not prioritized the update earlier, which might have prevented the problem.`

`Finally, Lisa noted that although the situation was difficult, it was an important lesson. She asked how they could avoid such issues in the future, emphasizing the need for a more proactive maintenance strategy.`

Lisa misli šta bi tim trebalo da radi u budućnosti kako bi izbegao ovakve probleme?

## --answers--

Sistemska upozorenja i oprez u rešavanju problema nakon njihovog nastanka.

### --feedback--

Lisa ne preporučuje da se ignorišu problemi dok ne postanu veliki.

---

Razviti strategiju održavanja koja preduzima proaktivne mere.

---

Prestati pratiti opterećenje sistema radi smanjenja radnog stresa.

### --feedback--

Lisa je na početku pomenula važnost pažljivijeg praćenja opterećenja sistema.

---

Popravite program za upravljanje bazom podataka samo nakon što sistem sruši.

### --feedback--

Lisa zaista misli da je važno ažurirati program/softver sa najnovijim patch-evima.

## --video-solution--

2

# --explanation--

Poslednje poglavlje govori o predlogu Lise o kreiranju strategije održavanja. Pronađite deo gde je ova strategija pomenuta i moći ćete da odgovorite na ovo pitanje sa preciznošću.