---
id: 68390f4bd1b022aac52b7ad1
title: Vežba 128
challengeType: 19
dashedName: task-128
lang: en-US
---
<!-- READING -->

# --instructions--

Pročitajte tekst i odgovorite na pitanje koje je navedeno/nalazi se ispod.

# --questions--

## --text--

Zamislite da je neko napisao sažetak sastanka između Lise i Marka. Ovo su snimljeni detalji.

`Lisa and Mark discussed the recent database crash that happened last week. Lisa mentioned that after reviewing the logs, she realized the system overload might have been prevented if they had monitored the system load more closely. Mark agreed and added that the logs showed an unusually high number of queries hitting the database just before the crash. He suggested that if these queries had been spread more evenly, the system might not have failed.`

`Lisa also pointed out that they hadn't updated their database management software for some time. She believed that if the latest patches had been installed, some of the vulnerabilities exploited during the crash could have been fixed. Mark shared the same thought and expressed frustration that they had not prioritized the update earlier, which might have prevented the problem.`

`Finally, Lisa noted that although the situation was difficult, it was an important lesson. She asked how they could avoid such issues in the future, emphasizing the need for a more proactive maintenance strategy.`

Šta je Liza otkrila kada je pregledala zapisnike događaja?

## --answers--

Program za upravljanje bazom podataka je bio ažuriran.

### --feedback--

Lisa nije rekla ništa o programu da je ažuriran.

---

Pitanja su bila ravnomerno raspoređena u celom sistemu.

### --feedback--

Lisa nije pomenula kako su pitanja raspoređena.

---

Da su detaljnije pratili opterećenje sistema, mogli bi spriječiti prekomjerno opterećenje.

---

Nesreća se dogodila zbog toga što je oprema imala kvar.

### --feedback--

Nema razgovora o problemima sa opremom.

## --video-solution--

3

# --explanation--

U prvom pasusu, pronađi deo koji pominje sećanja na događaje. Rečenica koja pominje ta sećanja takođe pokazuje rezultate koncepta, nešto što se zapravo nije dogodilo. Otkrij šta je i moći ćeš da odgovoriš na ovo pitanje sa preciznošću.