---
id: 68399d34040593ccb4a89db2
title: Vežba 131
challengeType: 19
dashedName: task-131
lang: en-US
---
<!-- READING -->

# --instructions--

Pročitajte tekst i odgovorite na pitanje koje se nalazi ispod.

# --questions--

## --text--

Zamisli da je neko napisao sažetak sastanka između Lise i Marka. Ovo su snimane napomene.

`Lisa and Mark discussed the recent database crash that happened last week. Lisa mentioned that after reviewing the logs, she realized the system overload might have been prevented if they had monitored the system load more closely. Mark agreed and added that the logs showed an unusually high number of queries hitting the database just before the crash. He suggested that if these queries had been spread more evenly, the system might not have failed.`

`Lisa also pointed out that they hadn't updated their database management software for some time. She believed that if the latest patches had been installed, some of the vulnerabilities exploited during the crash could have been fixed. Mark shared the same thought and expressed frustration that they had not prioritized the update earlier, which might have prevented the problem.`

`Finally, Lisa noted that although the situation was difficult, it was an important lesson. She asked how they could avoid such issues in the future, emphasizing the need for a more proactive maintenance strategy.`

Je li Mark shvatio da najnoviji patch-evi nisu instalirani?

## --answers--

Bio je srećan/srećna zato što je problem bilo lako rešiv.

### --feedback--

Mark nije pokazao sreću.

---

Nije imao osećaja za vreme ažuriranja.

### --feedback--

Mark nije pokazao znakove gubitka osećaja.

---

Mislio je da popravci nisu bili neophodni.

### --feedback--

Mark je zaista pristao da je ažuriranje bilo važno.

---

Osetio je ljutnju jer su shvatili važnost ažuriranja prekasno.

## --video-solution--

4

# --explanation--

Na kraju drugog pasusa, vidimo da je Mark podelio Liseove misli o nedostatku ažuriranja. Zatim se kaže da je objasnio svoja osećanja u vezi s ovim. Pročitajte red koji daje komentare o osećanjima Marka kako biste mogli tačno da odgovorite na ovo pitanje.