---
id: 68135903a3373216ea693982
title: Vežba 109
challengeType: 19
dashedName: task-109
lang: en-US
---
<!-- READING -->

# --instructions--

Pročitajte tekst i odgovorite na pitanje koje se nalazi ispod.

# --questions--

## --text--

Nakon razgovora sa Alis, Bob je odlučio da pošalje e-mail timu sa dodeljenim vežbama:

`Subject: Task Assignments for New Mobile App Project`

`Hi team,`

`As we begin work on our new mobile app project, I wanted to share the initial task assignments based on everyone's experience and strengths. Here's how we're dividing the work:`

- `Sarah will handle user authentication, since she has the most experience in that area.`

- `Tom will focus on payment integration.`

- `New developers will be paired with more experienced team members to help with onboarding and avoid unnecessary stress.`

`Alice is preparing a list of technical requirements for each part of the project to guide development.`

`We'll have bi-weekly meetings to check progress and address any issues to avoid delays.`

`On the QA side, we recognize we're short on testers. I'll reach out to HR to explore bringing in additional QA support, especially for the more complex features.`

`Please reach out if you have any questions or concerns. Let's make sure everyone is clear on their responsibilities by the end of this week.`

`Best,`

`Bob`

Kako će biti podržani novi programeri?

## --answers--

Biće im traženo da završe obuku sami.

### --feedback--

Bob kaže da će biti odvedeni kod savetnika, a ne da rade sami.

---

Biće dodeljeno najiskusnijim članovima tima.

---

Daju im samo jednostavne vežbe.

### --feedback--

Tekst pominje pomoć za početak, a ne smanjenje njihovih doprinosa.

---

Oni će raditi drugačije od glavnog tima.

### --feedback--

Novi programeri/developeri se integrišu sa timom uz podršku, a ne da budu odvojeni/izolovani.

## --video-solution--

2

# --explanation--

Pazite na treću tačku u e-mailu.

Bob spaja nove programere sa iskusnim članovima tima ili `help with onboarding` na `avoid unnecessary stress`.