---
id: 6752fb3e6257c91b93721288
title: Vežba 32
challengeType: 19
dashedName: task-32
lang: en-US
---
<!-- READING -->

# --instructions--

Pročitajte tekst i odgovorite na pitanje koje se nalazi ispod.

# --questions--

## --text--

Nakon razgovora sa Brajonom, Jessica je napisala ovaj izveštaj o planiranom održavanju:

`We will conduct scheduled maintenance to improve our systems and ensure everything runs smoothly. During the maintenance window, starting at 2:00 AM on Friday night, our team will be monitoring the system and testing the server load to prevent any unexpected issues. The maintenance is expected to last about 2 hours.`

`Our developers will double-check the security features to make sure the system is protected against potential DoS attacks. At the same time, we will run stress tests to evaluate performance and stability under heavy traffic.`

`We are publishing this notification to inform you in advance, as the website may experience downtime during this period. Thank you for your understanding as we continue preparing updates and improvements to provide you with a better experience.`

`Thank you,`
`Support Team`

Kada su očekivani ovi popravci?

## --answers--

Trajanje od 30 minuta.

### --feedback--

Tekst navodi da će održavanje trajati duže od 30 minuta.

---

Razina sata 1.

### --feedback--

Nije pomenuto da je predviđeno vreme u 1 čas.

---

Nivo od 2 sata.

---

Ceo dan.

### --feedback--

Pisanje ne zahteva održavanje tokom celog dana.

## --video-solution--

3

# --explanation--

Da biste pronašli tačan odgovor, pogledajte deo informacija gde je navedeno vreme održavanja.

Jasno je navedeno da će održavanje trajati približno 2 sata, pa pronađite opciju koja odgovara ovim informacijama.